Text
I love a solution that's simpler and easier to understand than the original.
Hi Henry Thanks for checking it out.
In fact if you happen to know why ObserverHammerQuorumTest is failing with this latest patch I'd love to hear.
Thanks Jing!
That sounds like a plan. I love peer-reviews... :-)
Thanks for the very clear explanation of the needed change Dag.
Thanks for reminding me; I agree I'll do it.
Thanks JinJie!
Thanks Brock!
Thanks Thomas!
Thanks Divesh Your patch is commited at revision: 762863
Hi Sagara Thank you very much for looking into this.
A pleasure :>.
Thanks Tom.
I would love to have it right now for storm too. If you want me to sign up as a use case I am happy to.
Thanks for the patch Erik (and Jon)
Thanks for figuring this one out and providing the patch Jamie!
Ashutosh: thanks a lot for the comments.
Thanks for the quick patching Donald!
Thanks Bilgin it is working fine now.
Thanks henry and pat... we'll have to re submit all the PA's so trigger hudson.
Thanks senaka for the patch.
Thank you very much Richard.
Thanks for the patch Niall +1
thanks henry!
Taking it over Thanks Mayank
:) Best regards Fabian.
Thanks Rishi Solanki to review the patch.
Thanks Hari!
Any word on whether it will be fixed?
I did not have time to do it yesterday.
Sorry for being confusing.
I am not really sure what does the receive payment do before the shipment it doesn't sound as if it is doing what we expect it to do.
Unable to reproduce issue.
Oh ok.
Sorry this affects 0.9.3 version too.
Phabricator is being a little buggy.
Tests no longer sleep
Sorry this should be YARN JIRA - filed YARN-350 instead
Sorry if this spam's things however it's unlikely that I'll work on these.
Forgot about these sorry.
Maurice I don't have such option or maybe I don't know where it is.
:) Sorry about that.
Sorry about the noise was trying out the precommit job.
Sorry about that...
Grumble grumble...
I was in too much of a hurry sorry hold on a sec.
Sorry I see that you say the same Mike :)
Sorry for the huge delay Fabio.
yup sorry just fixed.
I screwed up the encoding of the stopwords file (sorry).
So I also changed a test to test a non-ascii stopword :)
Sorry about the confusion before
Sorry.
Sorry folks the full fix was committed in rather a messy manner due to some platform specific issues.
Sorry didn't look at the code until commit... Can you test making it hash to a Long or a 8-byte ByteBuffer?
Sorry - the above comes across as terse.
I really don't know how to solve this problem.
If you know of a way please describe it.
Sorry.
Ha sorry Varun thanks for the reminder I will have a look at it soon...
Sorry.
Sorry for the wild goose chase!
Sorry db name is TPCDB user name TPC pwd whatever...
Sorry my code base is a little old looks like HADOOP-9147 add some new test in TestFileStatus.
I'm sorry.
Sorry; I hit close by accident.
Sorry I've been MIA on this issue.
I haven't had any time to try re-upgrading after having to back out 2.0.8 but I will be sure to let you know how it works out as soon as I get the opportunity.
Sorry for that.
Sorry missed that select-box.
Sorry for letting you guys wait.
[~shazron]Sorry that was weird.
Missed 2 new files - sorry !
Sorry no longer working on this
Sorry patch is attached
On 200800-20 11:43:52.354 woflexair commented: Joan sorry for the noise in the bugbase but it's not a bug.
Sorry once again for the wrong report Stephane
Sorry I forgot to change the priority of this one.
sorry.
Sorry that should have said fixed via HADOOP-4980 not 6980.
Sorry about the report.
Ugh sorry :( Thanks!
Sorry about that.
Sorry I didn't use your patch but I think you'll like the end result.
Some file were missing in the last patch sorry.
The biggest problem is that we've had too many committers over the years and we'd have to get all of their permission to change it.
So sorry I can't be more obliging.
Last try.
Sorry.
sorry.. redeploy patch
Sorry for the trouble Vikram!
