Text
Thanks Areek patch looks good!
Hi James This patch has been applied by chirino in the revision 576522 at Sep 17.
This patch really helped.
It will be great if you could confirm it either way first.
Thanks Todd glad to be on board!
Sweet I will review and apply.
Thanks Amar!
Thanks for sweet patch Erik.
Owen thanks for the slides.
I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue.
Megan Glad to be of service : )
Thanks Andi.
Hi Daniel thanks in advance for your support.
Thanks Hairong!
Thank you very much for your effort David.
Thanks in advance Jens
Aha thanks for the information. That makes sense. Glad to hear that it helped! :)
Thanks for looking into this Suresh.
Thanks a lot for sharing that Josh!
Thanks a lot Subin.
Brilliant feedback thanks! I'm glad you found the issue and the solution!
Sweet :) You got there before me
bq. First of welcome :) Thank you.
Thats sweet that you have the prior experience hacking this on top of a store already.
Excellent work Doğacan - thank you.
This looks simple and sweet to me.
Sweet kickstart for our new wiki!
Hello Thanks a lot! It works. Lisa
Yes please - pull request away my friend!
Sorry yes I believe this has been resolved.
Sorry for the spam - but which test method - can't find any related to the SnapPuller on trunk.
Sorry about that.
Yes the patch is badly named - sorry!
Sorry attached the file to the wrong issue.
Sorry about that.
I have a really bad habit of not reading thru all the bug comments before asking questions.
Sorry I tought I could commit this patch but I did not realize that one of the files is in the framework (and I have not access to it).
Sorry on holiday last week and just catching up.
Thanks so much sorry that this isn't in the appropriate place.
Sorry guys I've been pretty busy work but I have been watching this.
Sorry for the confusion :)
Sorry https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=514760 is related but not same.
SorryI haven't tried you patch.
Sorry for the noise.
I will try to do more research on it.
Sorry I meant to have this patch in sooner but got quite busy I expect to have it soon.
Oh sorry.
I missed the context.
For some reason I couldn't upload the straight patch.
Sorry guys
Oh signed shift!
sorry :)
Sorry - the federated build is still working out kinks...
The problem is that it builds awt and that requires some dependencies.
if someone wants to work on this please go ahead I still plan to just no time yet.
Sorry.
Sorry for the hassle.
WOW....you are right...I'm deeply sorry to bother you guys (and I'm also a bit embarrassed).
Sorry to nag.
sorry should have been getDataModel not getDataTable.
Sorry I'm wrong about #2.
Brain fart.
No unit test sorry (but there's not much deltaQuery coverage anyway).
Sorry for that.
Ah sorry I misunderstood you.
Sorry for the noise.
Aaron sorry about this.
The guy on our team that was going to do this was swamped so I re-assigned this to you.
Sorry missed this.
Sorry for the noise.
My patch wouldn't compile.
Here is addendum to fix (Sorry about build breakage)
Sorry you're right.
Line 1664 (sorry the 0.94 codeline)
Sorry - I just didn't read the issues carefull enough.
Sorry about that fixed now.
sorry about this.
My error.
Tried some more stuff and realized I was doing it wrong.
Sorry.
Sorry here's the test that reproduces the issue.
Sorry if this spam's things however it's unlikely that I'll work on these.
Sorry for the trouble.
sorry old xml here is the used one: <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> <root><value>?¤?¶?¼ und ??????
Sorry [~kumarr] let's just do this in 0.96.
Sorry for the super-slow uptake on this the new job is using up all of my limited brain resources.
Well it's me that didn't get the whole point now i got more sorry for the noise.
Sorry I was trying to get to the wiki but it's been a busy week.
s/[~apurtell]/[~lhofhansl]/ Sorry guys.
Sorry grabbed the wrong ticket.
Sorry that I think I missed some discussion in the mailing list.
Unless we switch to Antlr 3.0 ( and even though I'm not sure this would fix the problem) there is nothing we can do.
