Text
That's weird.
If that would be the case this would be bad design.
This just seems really evil.
It may cause conflicts but if your intent is to break system security you probably don't care.
My bad uploaded the wrong patch.
I just hate having no clue what a file is really depending on ;)
Ah damn I thought it was fixed :/ Guillaume ?
I abbreviated the heck out of my arguments and thinking but damn it thats what I think :)
A stupid bug in a patch that is already applied.
In this case data would pretty much just silently be lost.
This whole thing is really pretty trivial.
An output connector should also have a say in what URLs it will accept.
Turning off hints is basically intended as a "oh shit something is broken with hints let's turn it off" switch.
why on earth would it match anything you have not even touched the Apache install.
Thanks Arvind
Committed a slightly cleaned up version of the patch in revision: 1464605 Thanks for your help Todd.
897392 Thanks Sharan !
Thanks Karthik.
Thanks Andrew committed in rev.
thanks edgar for finding this one!
Thanks Ilya.
Thanks Jimmy.
Thank you Jing for the review.
Thanks Ravi!
Thanks Sandy.
Hello Leo The patch has been applied at revision r479576 thanks a lot for this enhancement please verify that the problem is fully fixed as you expected.
Best regards Richard
Thank you Jing.
Thanks for your work on this Allen!
Thank you.
Forgot to mention: Thanks to Alejandro and his team for pointing this one...
Thanks Karl.
Please contact me if you need any clarifications.
Thanks Tom!
thanks for the explanation.
Thanks Oliver that's fixed it.
Thanks a lot!
Adrian thanks for the patch: rev.
thanks nandana
Thanks for review and test case Knut.
Thanks Suresh.
Thanks for your patience.
Hi Atul that looks good at a first glace.
If someone wants to take this over that's cool - I'm unlikely to have time in the next week and a half though.
It is a nasty bug that I've seen in real life though.
Yes exactly -- sorry to be so unclear.
I'm not sure what the problem is but the behavior (at least in 0.1.4) is that the _isClosed AtomicBoolean is not being set to closed in a timely manner.
Sorry for the delay and thanks for the good work works like a charm!
Sorry I thought submit patch was the way to attach a patch.
I don't have very much experience on branch0 would you like to take a shot at the port?
Especially I don't know very much about the test framework differences.
I will figure out the details and do the port later this week if you don't get to it first.
sorry unassigning myself from this backport.
Another backport (for a different jira) of mine is failing and I want to see if I can figure out what might be wrong there before doing a new backport.
To upgrade to a recent version of Jackrabbit see http://wiki.apache.org/jackrabbit/BackupAndMigration I'm afraid I can't say much about the risk.
I've tried something similar (I removed the handlers and kept the readers) but the performance was not visible.
The responder seemed to be a bottleneck.
But it was not the only issue: we also want to manage priorities between the tasks but we need to read them to get enough information to make the right priorities.
While creating the DerbyTest I did notice that this problem is caused by the Database pool because it tries to connect to the database in the background.
Sorry [~fiberlijun] - havent had a chance to look at it yet.
(I could not get what KEYWORD means.)
I am checking out the dojo fixes and patching them in sorry for the delay it has been a long time
> then we don't save IO by limiting the buffer size to 1 KB I'm confused by this.
Seems to be failing for a different reason now testContainerLaunch(org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestLinuxContainerExecutorWithMocks) Time elapsed: 0.523 sec <<< FAILURE!
Sorry for all the issue mails I forgot to mention the second: 2) There is commented source in the test should it be enabled or removed?
I'm very sorry.
Sorry guys... :( I was the reason for this trouble.
I should have been very careful before doing this.
My bad forgot to include the test file in the patch... Resubmitting in a second.
*sorry*
Damn.
Git is tricky that way.
Sigh I don't like this overall if can't reuse everywhere.
Sorry to let you lose a wild goose chase.
You are going to kill me when I say this but it seems like we should just commit your first patch.
This half-reuse is more confusing for new devs who see this code for the first time.
Sorry probably a misunderstanding from my side....
I meet the same problem on Eclipse recently but haven't figured out how to get through.
Sorry Chris I missed it done !
One of the error is that hiddenActivations cannot be resolved.
I'm very busy for the moment so I didn't know when I 'd be able to the change myself so if you can your contribution would be one more time really appreciated.
Oh I didn't consider one flow like after the edit log conversion immediately #store failed.
I misunderstood the case and sorry for the confusion.
Aside from the job succeeding (it doesn't) what effect should I be able to measure (in order to see if this is doing anything)?
You misunderstood the response: StopFilter indeed did not change.
You would need to implement session resume; thats a whole new can of worms.
Sorry for a mess in uploaded files my connection got broken during first upload.
Here are 2 patches ... one for adjustExamplePaths.bat & .sh and the other a new file holding 2 User Libraries ... UIMA_LIB & UIMA_AS_LIB Not sure where this should go ...
i found the class - so there is no bug - sorry
I was not aware of being required to call that method.
This is a silly one.
Seems we didn't enforce an exec for sh but we did for fs.
The patch should be relatively trivial but like I said I have no idea if there is other important stuff going on there or not.
