Text
This is pretty trivial just adds three asserts to TestPath#testNormalize.
I doubt that Squid is so bad at it.
It's not too bad once CacheConfig is in.
Not too bad though since clearing out commitlog segments is easily done.
ah - my bad.
My bad had a typo in the subscription e-mail.
My bad.
Yep my bad.
Pull it back in if you think different.
Tabs are evil.
I looked at our distributed pom.xml and they're pretty obscure.
once per every bad disk).
Hell UnaryFunction might even be faster than all of these calls in a row.
This was very bad documented.
Damn.
Pull it back in if you think different.
Ie both at are bad.
durrrh that sucks.
My bad.
I'm an idiot.
Splitting an existing sub-shard gets stuck up.
This is bad.
Oopps bad move !
the recommendation in the wiki is bad.
My bad.
I'm starting to think of "DLL Hell."
#NAME?
Fix bad patch
Logger on top of Log4J and its abstract base class for supporting other frameworks.
My bad.
Well either you query the database every damn time and your plugin/tool/code will be super slow.
Damn it.
Hudson seems to be stuck on this.
My bad...
which is silly -- bad package encapsulation).
My bad.
Oops had a bad comparator in the TestCLI config.
My bad.
The food is very bad.
<gmcdonald> my bad
My bad.
My bad.
Pull it back in if you think different.
Aaarrggh how stupid of mine to have a System.out again!
Hell UnaryFunction might even be faster than all of these calls in a row.
I always get the same stupid error.
Damn maven!
I don't care if everything is pretty or not but we should at least support basic admin functionality in IE IMO (though I have not used it for years for just about anything).
I've looked at what can be done within the NSIS framework we use to build the Windows installer.
A feature with wrong functionality is as bad as if not worse than a bad performance.
Doh!
Doh.
Sounds weird to me... Could you package a (totally!)
Am I doing something stupid here?
* Replaced TreeMap with an Array of final 'Segment' objects ** (now very slightly faster than trunk) * Rebased for trunk * Removed the patch renaming SSTableReaderTest to SegmentedFileTest I didn't remove the builder pattern because the alternative seems pretty ugly (copying the segments array for every append).
HADOOP-2949: - If tarball is specified HOD no longer validates for the pkgs directory in gridservice-hdfs or mapred sections as these are not going to be used anyway.
It must be lost somewhere.
Too bad we can't use position:fixed in IE6.
I think the correct resolution is to ensure that the prefix stack mechanism gets reset each time the XMLReader is used.
This is always a really bad way to design software.
It may suck but at least *I* won't be the one bringing in a dumb dependency to a logging library.
How on earth is it buggy?
I didn't do that because that seems bad in hive so I returned "null" from the operation.
This sucks.
Thanks Jeff!
It is good to have the test.
Thanks Owen!
Thanks!
Thanks Dhruba!
Patch applied with thanks!
Looks quite perfect after solving PDFBOX-490.
Thanks Ashish!
Many thanks Neeme.
Thanks for the help BJ!
thanks Tomas!
Thanks!
Applied patch with thanks to Scott.
Enjoy!
thanks to Ernst Fastl for adding this.
Thanks for the patch Mubarak.
Thanks Koji!
Long Life MyFacesssssssssss!
Looks good thanks Laura!
Thanks Ashish!
Thank you guys!
Thanks Ashutosh and Gunther for your help!
I really appreciate your comments and I really enjoy our discussions:)
Awesome work: this is a great first cut!
Thanks to Edward and Brock for the reviews.
Looks good.
Thank you Ivan!
:D
Thanks to both of you and to Deepesh for the initiative.
