Text
Best regards Richard
Hello George The fix looks fine many thanks!
Best regards Andrew
Thank you Brandon.
I really like what I am seeing so far.
This is quality work.
Thanks Dianne!
Thanks Elena.
Thanks Suresh
Thanks to both for these usability enhancements !
Thanks a lot for the reviews Todd.
Thanks Stepan.
Thanks Doug for the change.
Great investigations Doron!
Thanks for your patience.
Thanks Ivan.
Hi Sandy Thanks so much to give me such comments that's really helpful I will update this later.
ahhh sweet i'm guessing you have an IDE that does this? If the tests pass commit this kinda crap goes out of date too fast!
I want to integrate the sweet sweet logo Andrew crafted.
Thanks Oliver!
Thanks to Fabrizio for the patch.
Regex is your friend.
Thanks Awdesh - Done at r821748.
Thanks Richard Patch applied to NIO_CHAR module java.nio.CharsetEncoder at repo revision 389784.
Thanks Tom
Thanks for your comments Konstantin.
Marcelo thanks for pointing out this; it is now fixed in rev.
looks fine thank you.
Thanks for spotting this fixed at r487519
Sorry for the misspelling ;)
(sorry if that was confusing)
sorry for your time.
I must have looked at this before my morning coffee..
Sorry ;-) +1
Wow that was some bad copy/paste work.
sorry.
sorry....
Sorry about that... http://bit.ly/12UiaS
Sorry Thiru I hope you haven't already started working on this!
huh ... i thought i did resolve this.
sorry.
Sorry misunderstood the issue!
Sorry for the delay.
sorry for delay
Sorry for the delay was away.
Sorry.
This was my bad.
Sorry it seems I forgot a few references to 2.0.2 in ./deps/cxf-all I'm attaching a new patch to fix these references.
Thanks Jukka for fixing this :) (sorry)
Sorry that should be FileChannel inputChannel = input.getChannel(); FileChannel outputChannel = output.getChannel(); in the try block.
Sorry [~svenkat] I just committed this.
No sorry.
Didn't got the time to try it yet.
Sorry to have not spotted this one and thanks for your care.
Sorry I missed the "overwrite" keyword.
This might be a bug indeed.
Sorry everyone.
sorry last patch was missing new files
sorry for misleading attachment name.
Sorry Avdhesh I forgot to add these two files to the patch here is the new patch containing the missing files
Hey Vikram-- sorry about that I haven't paid much attention to this issue.
Sorry should ask first.
Thanks to Mathias Werlitz - sorry for the delay.
Sorry.
The problems I was talking about are mostly fixed by [HADOOP-3575] and [HADOOP-3480].
I opened [HADOOP-3607] to fix a wrong URL but appart from that I don't there's still references to the old structure.
no sorry - priorities have been shifted around...
Um sorry i thought this ticket was about something else - patch attached David would you give a try?
Sorry for the noise.
Sorry about that.
Sorry I missed some of this the first time.
Sorry fixed.
Sorry Gav DONE Committed revision 2487.
Sorry but look at mapSubtract and further down in the source you will find plenty.
Sorry ;-)
Thanks for the report and sorry its taken so long to fix it.
well sorry i didn't upload the right files
Whoops sorry.
Sorry about the trouble.
Sorry in rushing to commit I forgot to add author during the commit.
Actually that's what this change did sorry for the noise.
Sorry for the noise..
Completely missed issue 614..
Sorry typo: "our part" in place of "one part" above.
Sorry I thought issue (and provided patch) were about cocoon-servlet-service-impl used by either C2.2 and C3 but only now I see that instead they are related to cocoon-servlet-service-components (C2.2 only).
I'm sorry Mark I came back here to remove my comment as after building the app from scratch I have found that by default it used WhenExhaustedAction = GROW and not BLOCK!
Sorry about that tiredness.
Sorry about the error guys.
Yes sorry.
sorry this bug is *not* fixed.
Sorry.
Resolving again....
