Text
They don't vote they whine that something (or everything) sucks.
Damn dyslexia!
Damn it !
Doing it at the hackathon you'd have a few fellas at your shoulder to give you pointers should you get stuck.
Ah that was my bad.
My bad.
it's my bad.
My bad!
Ah too bad.
Damn Chuck is scary.
Here is quite bad.
This name gets confusing with all of our prenamed *Worker* and *Master* classes.
* release of the framework.
I'm a pretty strong -0 on this.
Not pretty.
That's pretty unlikely.
Pretty much everything that FSNamesystem (ie.
Kind of sucks.
Since this patch is so damn large already I won't be making anymore changes to this other than critical/blocker bug fixes.
But please don't say that my reasoning is bad - because it is not.
> We can't let fear of back-compat prevent us from making progress.
I really don't care.
I am planning to use this framework for some new RPCs I am adding.
Don't hate me just throwing this out there.
Weird.
This is weird.
Gav...(Hoping I'm not teaching you how to suck eggs :) )
For those of us who don't care about ivy in fact lose something - a easy to build hbase.
Where on earth are you anyway?
My bad.
My bad this is already done.
That is bad.
Filling diags.log is bad mojo since it's never rotated.
How bad is it?
My bad.
My bad.
Bad IE.
Bad.
Pull it back in if you think different.
Stupid user error :)
Weird.
That's weird.
Actually I don't want to specify the encoding because I don't care how the data is transported to me.
And boy hell broke loose ;) So... the biggest issue I'm facing is indeed with Random sharing across threads.
I don't care what we do as long as we don't change the attributes in JSP significantly.
The Async API in http client 4.x really sucks.
Forget the patch for the moment.
I'll just put fix in under this issue.
Please forget last comment it is incorrect.
umm ... call me crazy but why are we making this public?
[~cmccabe]: oh hell no!
Damn...
I'd say to hell with windows minority :)
Because we don't care for this in cases where we there is no node that is down.
The eclipse ui was completly stuck which was similiar to the other experinces.
My bad.
Juhani..my bad i was mistaken.
My Bad.
That's my bad.
Seeking back is pretty inefficient in DFS.
Doh!
Hudson is stuck.
Weird.
Weird.
Cool.
Sounds like a good idea.
Cool that's all good news too! Thanks guys. One less on my radar.
cool man it looks good. we need a changes entry but from my side this looks good. we can tackle the todos on trunk
Looks pretty cool. Fresh and minimalist. Love it :-) Good work.
Cool will do! Thanks for the review and good questions... and the whole idea! :)
This looks good to me.
Automatic location selection is very cool.
Thanks Tony.
Thanks for providing the patch.
Thank you!
Thanks Laura.
Thanks Kathey.
Thanks Adrien for looking into this nice explanation!
Super I'll commit shortly -- thanks Yonik!
Thanks a lot Jon for signing up this.
Thanks Sravya!
I like Richards update as well :) What I did was out of pure anger so it may not have been the sexiest.
Thanks [~cnauroth] & [~tomwhite] for the reviews!
Thanks for being patient Devaraj!
Hi Bruno I like it seems to work well at 1st glance Thanks!
Thanks Adrian!
Thanks Bob your patch is in trunk at r932317
thanks again Uwe
Best regards Andrew
Thanks Alexei!
Thanks Myrna.
Thanks Tom!
Thank you + Harit Himanshu
