Text
guys... this is so stupid...
I lost the whole morning cause HBase's RegionServer was dying with no logs no nothing... how Am I supposed to debug the issue if u do not even generate a core dump?
{quote}You are messing down deep below hbase in dfs.
And I think if we're going to do a sweep up of shit we should just kill root.
idiot Yeah I was on that idiot-path for a good while but commons-lang is a hairball at least where this hashcode making and equals is concerned.
Pull it back in if you think different.
i suck.
Will still be stuck in the loop though if can't actually close regions.
Original edited patch was messed up... stupid sed!
Who made this stupid rule?
Sorry but this is just stupid.
But I will quit committing to Hama then because I'm not going to support ONLY a binary format.
This is not what I build a framework for.
Well damn.
Blooper after blooper - I hate SVN.
This looks reasonable to me... sucks we have to special case handling of " "...
You may want to carefully examine your assumption about this.
Ok wow welcome to Linux hell...
If I get a chance I may even roll it into our dev environment but I am currently in the middle of mem leak hell.
Both equally bad.
Negative I am against fetch groups in principle.
This way lies metadata hell.
Shit there is an dependency. Please go to Preferences -> LDAP -> Entry Editor and enable the option "Show operational attributes".
Damn...
Damn...
Damn !
The evil NPE strik back !!
Bloody hell !!!
Damn time has flown...
Damn it !
This was a very bad bug introduced by me being an idiot.
I have stupidly deleted the original test dir but judging from the suite's output files no output was created after 3 1/2 hours.
damn this was assigned to you since months.
Imo all this just doesn't make sense from a pure performance aspect.
Inserting timestamps automagically would be bad because it would limit a whole swath of use cases.
If they do then Suse's cpio works for old ascii but the -c switch is broken.
This is pretty embarassing!
When you install a node module globally it goes into /usr/local where you don't have permissions to move shit into unless you sudo.
That being said I'm not totally opposed to making the limit configurable.
My bad I screwed up the assertion -> RuntimeException transition.
Well that sucks.
No it's not off the table but it's moot unless we decide we want cqlsh in-tree at all.
Ok here is a patch that works. I was stupid enough not to see it...
It was a pretty stupid idea to use a static array of instances for QuorumOpMonitor.
All I'm trying to say is that it's pretty easy to end up in propagation failure hell here or change something else that blows things up for use cases that are not foreseen.
Just to clarify... you made the DTPE handle exceptions the same way as CassandraDaemon by updating it to use NBHS instead of CSLS... Did you just tell me to go fuck myself?
+1 (damn intellij it's not like patch format hasn't been standard for years)
Wow it's like Thrift is going out of their way to make life suck for us this month.
Here is quite bad.
The samples you gave are different.
I just noticed your public tweet... bq. "wilhelmbierbaum True. Fuck the Avro C API."
if so can you see if you can git bisect this bad boy?
It seems some of the wrappers in ink_hrtime.h() might no longer be used either e.g. ink_gettimeofday() is never used so lets get rid of that shit.
Heh that's one hell of a bug 275 bytes exactly eh?
What a stupid name I chose for that object... )-:
I think it's time to just close this issue.
I'm not entering bogus reports for the hell of it ;) Matt
I am currently trying to get it into AJDT dev builds but my git push is timing out (damn thing!
Stupid Maven
Ok. Stupid user Error here.
Why the hell do they deliver Duration if they cannot instantiate it :-/
The defect from hell 666 be scared..
This really sucks!
Why the hell is this not a bug?
> - FOUserAgent.getStream() is cool and very easy to use (now that it's properly > documented).
i kinda like the black acctually .. but that may largely be due to my prefering the "fire" solr logo over the futuristic magnifying glass (the red/orange contrasts nicely with the black/grey. to my mind the "Solr" "Sun" connection has allways been really cool ...
Awesome discussion.
Got it thanks for the explanation.
The patch looks good.
Cool cool - thanks stack!
Awesome! This tool is cool.
Thanks guys for saving mankind!
This looks safe also
I've just tested the shiro trunk with karaf-2.2 release and everything works fine :)
Pretty sure this was fixed by the time we released JRuby 1.6.
Interesting I just replaced my src with the latest in the trunk and did a compleatly clean build and the problem seems to have gone away.
This is Awesome Stefan - thanks a million!
This is awesome - works in a one-liner.
Awesome!
Nice I did not think about using the system tables.
You're results are awesome Paul. Great work :) Looking forward to see your new JSON parser in trunk whenever you think is ready.
Awesome you rock Drew!
Very cool.
Awesome speedup! Finally all this work shows great results!!
Subbu: Glad I was able to help.
I believe in relativity :-)
Great! It's been good to be able to contribute and I hope to be able to more for this awesome project when I have the spare time.
Thanks Uwe!
Code looks cool.
Cool - good information to have. Thanks Lance!
Hey very cool.
Hi very cool!
I like the elegant parser!
