Text
dont mark this guy down. technically he is correct http://martinfowler.com/bliki/InversionOfControl.html IoC is a very general principal. Flow of control is "inverted" by dependency injection because you have effectively delegated dependancies to some external system (e.g. IoC container)
It's generally better to keep them open. If you're concerned about being able to read them from another process, you need make sure that the share mode you use to open/create them allows others to read them (but not write to them, obviously). If you're worried about losing data in the event of a crash, you should periodically flush/commit their buffers.
I think we have a downvoter enthusiast :)
Are there any tools to assist with the internationalization of Strings within JSP files? Most IDEs (for example, ) offer such a feature for Java code. However, in the case of NetBeans, no such feature exists for JSP files. With , for example, there is are various tools out there that assist with extracting text Strings from code. Something similar for JSP would be great!
You could use FindWindow to get the HWND of the window, then use the BringWindowToTop function found in the Win32 API.
Are you really sure you need to use a cursor? Those are not supposed to be the first choice in SQL Server these days. In fact, many experts abhor them.
i was searching for this one quiet desperately and the simplest one seemed to work! it worked in chrome 7.0.5 and ie 8.0.6
I have a silverlight control (View) which displays a list of items in a specified property of the datacontext (viewmodel). What I need is for the scrollviewer in my control to scroll to the top or bottom depending on where the latest item has been added to the list. (It'll always be either the beginning or the end of the list, I don't need to worry about middle of list insertions.) In WPF i'd just use the DataContextChanged event to start listening to the viewmodel, but in silverlight that event is internal. Any ideas on how to tackle this?
How do I code for a company icon to appear on the left-side next to the URL address in the browser's address bar?
@Marlon: commendable attitude. If you still have it in 18 years, I'll be first in line to work for your canonization. (Grumble grumble, get off my lawn, et cetera)
I have a session where they are, in fact, getting mixed up. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1646274/asp-net-session-mix-up-using-stateserver-scary
This doesn't do title case, where small words (articles and prepositions) should not be capitalized.
Unfortunately if you want to make this an open API, many people will be unable to use Content-Type headers. The sad reality is that you usually need to allow some hacks, even if you permit the standardized way too.
I've got a really simple powershell script (see below). I've got installutil aliased using the following in my profile: In powershell I simply: This returns successfully. (Install/Commit both complete successfully). Yet when I check the registry, or in powershell using get-pssnapin -registered it doesn't show my assembly. I did this the other day and it worked fine, but I don't seem to be able to duplicate it ... please advise. }
Apparently there's the very obvious "Client" property which I completely missed!
anyone have any experience of using them together? How well does it work? or is it just too much grief?
Just a general FYI: It is [almost *always* better](http://philosopherdeveloper.wordpress.com/2010/05/05/re-throwing-caught-exceptions/) to simply `throw;` instead of `throw e;`
When opening Adobe Acrobat Pro, whether it be through Applescript or finder, the introductory dialog is shown. Is there a way to not show this dialog without already having checked the "Don't Show Again" option when opening a document using Applescript? Photoshop and Illustrator Applescript libraries have ways of setting interaction levels and not showing dialogs, but I can't seem to find the option in Acrobat.
@NoBugs a NullPointerException can be thrown for 1000 reasons. Are you sure you load the .wav correctly? Are you sure it is in the right path? IIRC, the .wav file should be inside the compiled jar. Although I might be terribly wrong.
I'm working with an Access database and I need to concatenate different related rows into 1 row. I found a solution and used it with great success. However I need to add extra conditions to it, it should only be done if certain other columns are equal too. For example: 1 X Alpha 2 Y Beta 1 X Gamma 1 Z Delta should become 1 X Alpha,Gamma 1 Z Delta 2 Y Beta Does anyone know to do this, especially for a newbie like me?
Give her full access, if she wants it. She's supposed to manage the project you are developing, and to do that efficiently, she might need to be able to look at any part of the project. Of course, there's always danger that she might do something stupid or malicious. If you have as part of your process auditing of any changes, you'll be able to find out if she messes anything.
For the record, this code is not thread safe without additional locking (which is absolutely fine, thread safety was never part of the design specs for this class).
How can I get programmatic access to the call stack?
in our continuous integration setup we use SVNRevisionLabeller and pass the variables from this to MSBuild to use when creating the compiled website dll. It's then available to .NET using GetCurrentAssembly() in the final build.
This is flat wrong I'm afraid - you should follow W3C guidelines: http://www.w3schools.com/DTD/dtd_el_vs_attr.asp - XML should not be formed on readability or on making it "compact" - but rather using elements or attributes correctly for the purpose which they were designed for.
Given a handle of type HWND is it possible to confirm that the handle represents a real window?
Out of the box, in MS Reporting Services, the image element does not allow for the centering of the image itself, when the dimensions are unknown at design time. In other words, the image (if smaller than the dimensions allotted on the design surface) will be anchored to the top left corner, not in the center. My report will know the URL of the image at runtime, and I need to be able to center this image if it is smaller than the dimensions specified in my designer.
I would avoid it for module globals certainly. For variables restricted to local scope, so you can see the same function isn't ever going to need to use the builtin, it's not something I'd worry about.
Why do you believe that "template metaprogramming is all the rage"?
I'm afraid it can't be done, the psudo-class selectors can't be set in-line, you'll have to do it on the page or on a stylesheet. I should mention that technically you should be able to do it , but most browsers don't support it Edit: I just did a quick test with this: And it doesn't work in IE7, IE8 beta 2, Firefox or Chrome. Can anyone else test in any other browsers?
As TraumaPony said. Simply load the main game assembly in to Visual Studio and try to compile it. It won't if you try to make a reference to an assembly outside the those that ship with the 360.
SetWindowPos + SWP_NOACTIVATE does the job.
Not available in silverlight. See other C# answer(s)
How can I find the high water mark (the historical maximum number of concurrent users) in an oracle database (9i).
Is the local server on your dev pc being accessed by name or IP address. The issue could be related DNS resolution.
For OTP and other processes using `proc_lib`, see [How to find the supervisor of an OTP process?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4132317/how-to-find-the-supervisor-of-an-otp-process)
Rebuild your machine. Things just get mucked up after a while, and in the process you'll clean out all the muck you've accumulated in Windows in addition to the Visual Studio muck. It seems harsh, but after you do it a couple times it's really faster, less painful, and more complete than trying to track down a bunch of random issues.
Here's an implementation in Python: And a port of this implementation that I've just done in C++:
also check out the project at codeplex which is a tutorial of sorts on parallelization using .net among other things:
It's supposed to work via FastCGI. But I haven't had great success (using Vista). I can get PHP to run, but it crashes after a page loads (FastCGI does). So I'm modding you up. I'd like to see a reliable answer myself.
I'm new to development (an admin by trade) and I'm setting up my development environment and I would like to set up a CruiseControl.Net server on Server 2008. A quick Google did not turn up any instructions for getting it running on IIS 7.0, so I was wondering if anyone had experience getting this set up.
I prefer this method, I can get just the peice I want and don't have to worry about whether or not the string is well formed enough to get the port. +1
I have a need to explore VOIP integration into a .Net application. It would be incredibly helpful if the toolset was usable via ASP.Net (version 2.0 or higher), and provided the developer the option to allow interaction on the client either embedded within the web browser or external to the client web browser. It should be compatible at a minimum with Internet Explorer, but would be better if browser independence were an option.
I think you should write your own functions that achieve CRUD unless you are stressed for time. it might be a framework on it's own but you need to learn what the framework does before screaming framework....it also becomes handy to know these things because you can easily pickup bugs on the framework and fix them your self........
We're in the process of packaging combinations of our products/modules. Some of them are stand-alone some are interdependent. All versions must be deployable side-by-side. As it is we're considering two choices: One MSI per package and version One MSI per product/module and version The first alternative would mean that combinations of the same merge modules would be delivered in several packages. The second alternative represents the simpler path. Can you give some advice on the subject? Will any of the alternatives cause grief in the longer run?
Yep. I gave up actively deleting stuff off my hard drive a long time ago. Just like with gmail, with decent search it's easier to just archive everything rather than worry about sorting, filing, and deleting it.
That's exactly the point - HTMLEncode does not protect you against mistakes. Of course, the programmer expected somevar to contain 23 - its just that nasty attacker that decided to shove a blank in...
Maybe it helps someone else: you can use www.browserstack.com to access VMs with different browser versions directly from the dev machine. (i have no affiliation with the company)
Those official guidelines are for developing class libraries, and only apply to the **public** elements not the private ones.
Here is the equivalent C prototype for the Delphi function: int csd_HandleData(char* aBuf, int aLen); Nothing earth-shattering, but maybe it will get an answer from someone afraid to contribute because of unfamiliarity with Delphi.
humans only agree with each other 70% of the time even in polarity sentiment analysis. Jeff's point, while not very encouraging, does accurately reflect how extremely difficult is to get anywhere with this.
I have a Java application that's very String-heavy - it takes a feed of huge numbers of big, different String objects. Do I need to worry about the String Constant Pool for memory and performance? Is there any way to see how big the pool is at any point?
The reason to build it into the language is that it can get painful when you want a hierarchy of chainable objects that return the most derived type. Currently, you have to have `` generics to allow subclasses to change the return type so calling methods don't lose scope of the object they are calling. Building into the jvm removes this ugliness. Plus, instead of a return statement, it can just push a reference to this on the stack as needed; an "on demand return" instead of an "always return" that can be hard to optimize out when you don't use it.
I found a library that makes it easy to get my oAuth_token and oAuth_token_secret with c#. If I'm trying to make a POST to a RESTful web service (ie. ) how are those two keys leveraged to varify authentication. A C# example would be awesome!
I agree. It's clear that you are on the threshold of either using a library or writing your own. Go get jQuery and just use it as you see fit in your project, starting with this. Here's to happier days!
but (early optimization == root(evil)) != (Performance doesen't matter)
Probably your answer is better given as a comment.
AT what stage are you populating the ListBox? I fear you are doing it too late to be persisted in the page, if ViewState is not somehow disabled.
I need the name of the current logged in user in my Air/Flex application. The application will only be deployed on Windows machines. I think I could attain this by regexing the User directory, but am open to other ways.
I exchanged emails with Marc-AndrÃ© Cournoyer of about supporting Delphi on his site. Since his site uses to do syntax highlighting, and it uses syntaxes, he needs a Delphi syntax for TextMate. Turns out it has a already, so it is 90% of the way there. Does anyone know where I might find one that has already been updated for Delphi? A Delphi Prism / Oxygene one would be great too!
If someone is commonly needing to delete all but the top n rows, I'd argue they've got bigger issues to worry about.
What we have now come up with is halfway what I wanted. Basically we used JNI to call upon native Windows RTF control (the one used by WodPad) - this way we don't have to worry about nasty ActiveX deployment issues, but still it's a hack
There is nothing mentioned in http://help.adobe.com/en_US/FlashPlatform/reference/actionscript/3/flash/desktop/NativeApplication.html
As an aside, if you can use a pull parser and not a SAX parser. They're much easier to work with. With SAX you have to worry about saving state between the callbacks.
@Pangea it's *Rogerio*
I haven't touched sharepoint in years. If I want to setup a development environment to get up to speed, what options do I have? I don't have an MSDN license, is there anyway I can get up and running for free? (for development only)
Performance is very rarely a motivating factor in the choice of a loop.
If you want to explore the full (terrifying) extent of lambda style functions in PHP, see:
It is extremely unreliable and if there are constant builds going you never know the actual build is broke.
The more I use UpdatePanels the more I hate them. I suggest you learn jQuery or another javascript library and avoid using UpdatePanels all together.
One thought might to have another separate process count the number of rows in the table where the insert is being done to determine what percentage of them are there already. This of course would require that you know the total in the end. This would probably only be okay if this you're not too worried about server load.
I'm doing a fair bit of work in Ruby recently, and using Is absolutely critical. However, I'm really disappointed with the default Windows console in Vista, especially in that there's a really annoying bug where moving the cursor back when at the bottom of the screen irregularly causes it to jump back. Anyone have a decent console app they use in Windows?
Assuming I have only the class name of a generic as a string in the form of "MyCustomGenericCollection(of MyCustomObjectClass)" and don't know the assembly it comes from, what is the easiest way to create an instance of that object? If it helps, I know that the class implements IMyCustomInterface and is from an assembly loaded into the current AppDomain. Markus Olsson gave an excellent example , but I don't see how to apply it to generics.
I have a screen with say 20 controls on it. I want to show all twenty, then hide only the ones that don't relate to what I'm working on. My problem is that between the loops the screen paints. It looks very ugly. I know I've seen this done but for the life of me I can't find that code, or even remember what app I'd seen that code in.. Does anyone know how to suspend the paint for a bit?
Works for me on Win 7
Suggest adding the following to Peek and Pop(): if ((_stack.Count - 1) < 0) throw new Exception("Cannot Peek or Pop without first doing a Push.");. This would alert the programmer to this corner case, and allow them to keep it in mind when using this class. We could also add a TryPeek or TryPop, which is the approach Microsoft have taken with their ConcurrentDictionary implementations.
We need to test a website in both IE6 and IE7. We've had bugs appear running on actual windows machines that aren't visible under vmware (?!), so we have an actual windows laptop to do this - but only one. Is it possible to install IE6 and IE7 side-by-side in such a way that they absolutely, positively, behave exactly like they would if there was only one of them? How?
There are many libraries that make cross-platform development easier on their own, but making a complete wrapper for all platforms ends up being either small and highly customized, or massive and completely ridiculous. Carried to it's logical conclusion, a complete wrapper for all aspects of an operating system becomes an entire virtual runtime. You might as well make your own programming language.
This is a solution to a local problem, not an obvious/general purpose System.String operation. A utility class might be in order, but it would be extension method abuse to use an extension method here.
What tools are free tools are available for testing WebServices that are behind NTLM2 authentication. SoapUI Is Excellent tool with all functionality that I need, however, it doesn't support NTLMv2. If someone has a way of making that work, please provide solution.
I'm looking for a reliable, implementation-independent way to clone an entire Document. The Javadocs specifically say that calling cloneNode on a Document is implementation-specific. I've tried passing the Document through a no-op Transformer, but the resulting Node has no owner Document. I could create a new Document and import the nodes from the old one, but I'm afraid there might be bits of Document metadata that get lost. Same thing with writing the Document to a string and parsing it back in. Any ideas? By the way, I'm stuck at Java 1.4.2, for reasons beyond my control.
If the data you want to store is already a String, the conversion is a pain.
We've been using a combination of TWiki OpenGrok for the codebase usenet LotusNotes based system As long as there is a google search appliance pointed at these things I think it's ok to have any or many versions as long as people use them
I don't think that's fair, I never got too deep into WPF but what I did, didn't seem to suffer from these issues (in a lot of ways WPF was a more mature UI technology than HTML). The new javascript-based UIs I think work on a node-style event loop so I don't think the ui thread is even an issue. For all its many many faults, Microsoft does deserve some credit for how its dev tools have evolved.
If I have a simple piece of data to store (an integer or string for example) I might choose to store that in ViewState, or using a HiddenField control. Why would I choose one over the other? ViewState Hard for the user to decode (thought not impossible), which might be desirable HiddenField Value can be used in JavaScript Are there other pros and cons?
its a pain in the neck
Looking for links to resources that will help me write a user guide for a software application. I'm after something that will help me to structure my guide, give it an appropriate writing style, and ensure that it has an excellent look and feel throughout.
Is there a way to aid gmail in making threads? We are currently using same Subjects to do this, but that really uglyfies the subject a lot.
J# was, from the very beginning, a migration language. There were lots of devs who had used VJ++, Microsoft's version of Java. When .NET came out, the company provided J# as a way to move those devs and their code, unchanged, to .NET. Today, starting out, there is no reason to use J#.
I am planning to use community sever for one of our projects, i used it in the past but we had a lot of problems customizing it and understanding how things work, im affraid to get into that again, and i would like to add some things to it but i dont know how flexible it is.
Using the Windows API, how can I get a list of domains on my network?
I would not store configuration information in the repository at all. That way you don't have to worry about SVN trying to update the config when you update your source.
The built in ones are awful. You can easily write your own RSS, RDF and ATOM parsers. I have a tutorial and a full visual studio project you can download that does just that http://www.jarloo.com/rumormill-5/
Is there a way to set "work offline" in TFS without having to try opening a solution, waiting for it to time out, and then having Visual Studio work out that it has failed? It seems a touch ridiculous that I can't just tick a box to tell it myself, seeing as I'm probably the one most qualified to know when I'm not in the office!
has an
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3167909/what-motivates-you-to-document-not-document-your-code
Acropolis was killed as a standalone product, with its contributions being cherry-picked for later libraries such as MEF or whatever the WPF version of CAB is called.
I've been having this exact same issue, still not entirely sure what to make of it. [Here's my SO Question with a couple other suggestions given](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3798/full-complete-mysql-db-replication-ideas-what-do-people-do). /mp
@Chris Two different control statements just to appease developers who want their switch statements to work in a slightly different way? That's a **terrible** idea. VB [had that mentality for loops](http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Visual_Basic/Loops), and it
I'm trying to bring a legacy C# .NET 1.1 application into the modern era. We use DataTables for our collections of what could have been business objects. Given that most of the code thinks it is talking to the interface of a DataRow, what generic collection would make for the least painful transition?
is a metadata management system developed on the Microsoft SharePoint platform that heavily leverages RDF, OWL, and SPARQL. It has some big customers in the broadcast space and is an excellent example of enterprise use of these technologies.
Worked great for me - thanks!
#ERROR!
Hey Jon... just now (after reading the question and answers) I saw that it was you that asked the question. 4 years later I'm here looking for exactly the same thing! StackOverflow is really amazing... By the way: I just love the badge "Works on my machine" you have in your profile... I think I'll borrow this! :D
See also similar question: [Implementing a compiler in itself](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/193560/implementing-a-compiler-in-itself)
Have you tried using SetWindowPos. This is the canonical function for moving, resizing and setting z-order in Windows. There is a SWP_NOACTIVATE flag you can use. Look at (VS.85).aspx. I have not tried this on a window belonging to another process, but it is probably worth a try.
It's pretty easy to prevent aliasing by adding a conditon *a != *b.
I would like to be able to do "Extend my Windows desktop onto this monitor" via code. A PowerShell script would be idea. I have googled around a far amount and WMI seems the way forward but as I have zero knowledge in WMI I thought I would try here. Hope someone can help! Cheers, Zi
This probably sounds really stupid but I have noo idea how to implement jquery's rounded corners (). My javascript-fu is complete fail and I can't seem to get it to work on my page. Can anyone show me a simple example of the HTML and JavaScript you would use to get them to show? Apologies for my idiocy.
Very nice! +1
first question here. I'm developing a program in C# (.NET 3.5) that displays files in a listview. I'd like to have the "large icon" view display the icon that Windows Explorer uses for that filetype, otherwise I'll have to use some existing code like this: The above code returns an integer that is used to select an icon from an imagelist that I populated with some common icons. It works fine but I'd need to add every extension under the sun! Is there a better way? Thanks!
There seem to be many excellent web frameworks for Python. Has anyone used any of these (Pylons, Web2Py, Django) with IronPython?
Side note: some people hate that menu. Just take a look at all the Greasemonkey scripts that get rid of it.
I would tend to leave them open -- but open them with the file share permissions set to allow other readers and make sure you flush log output with every message. I hate programs which don't even let you look at the logfile while they are running, or where the log file isn't flushed and lags behind what is happening.
this is gorgeous!
G'day, One of the best recommendations I can make is to read the relevant section(s) of Steve McConnell's Code Complete (). He has an excellent discussion on naming techniques. HTH cheers, Rob
How do I format a string to title case?
There's lots of things that I don't know about languages and syntax. +1 because I learned that you can make a setter private inside a public property. Awesomeness ensues!
You can try the BringWindowToTop function to not steal focus. I haven't used it, but it seems to be what you're looking for.
I'm sure this could be of some great help for you : Hope this helps !
FlexMonkey may be more of a pain than it is worth. Gorrilla Logic claims it works with custom components but I have found this is not the case. Anything with a renderer seems to have serious problems. It is a lot harder to set up tests than they claim and the tests aren't stable. I have written tests for one component 5 times now using hardcoded ids. Sometimes it just can't see the component and it dies. They only have 3 short paragraphs explaining tests in their user guide and they only respond to questions about how to set it up on their google group. I would avoid using this.
@Gili: SerialPort is in current production use by our customers.
What you are asking is inherently impossible. The game runs on the client and is therefore completely at the user's mercy. Only way to be sure is running a real time simulation of the game on the server based on user's input (mouse movement, keypresses), which is absolutely ridiculous.
Thanks for the recommendation. I've just talked to them and I'm getting a demo. It looks good on paper, I really hope its can handle what I'm looking for.
Sometimes youre developing and you decide to commit, forgetting you created a few files on your project. Then a few days down the line your buddy gets your build out of subversion and complains that some files appear to be missing. You realize, ah crap, I forgot to add those files! How can I get a list of the files that are not under version control from subversion so I'm sure I've added everything to the repository?
VirtualBox (after version 1.3.8, anyway) will let you map incoming connections in the NAT configuration. There's an excellent tutorial on that describes the steps to configure port mapping.
This question would now be more appropriate on SuperUser.
See also on Programmers.SE: [Why is Inversion of Control named that way?](http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/205681/why-is-inversion-of-control-named-that-way)
Wow! This question is more than a year old! Thanks for the answer, however I have resolved the issue! +1 for the well documented answer.
Um... Nothing... Sad that we all missed the simple solution.
IF another person says NUnit, I am gonna puke! Where TF did you people learn to read?
I would be extremely appreciative if anybody can help me. I am learning C++ and I have been trying figure this one out. Basically, VS C++ Express does not come with the .DEF template. What other way can I go about creating this file? Is there a parameter I can set in VS so that the linker can create this on the fly? Thanks!!!
I thought I'd commented. Complete rubbish http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6692021/performance-space-implications-when-ordering-sql-server-columns/6692107#6692107
Thanks, I downloaded FileSeek and it worked great!
askgeo.com is fantastic, thanks!
I know this is an old thread. But, posting here anyway. Check out this pdc session :
Because the ORDER BY RAND() method is terrible for performance. Note that he has 120,000 rows in his table.
Sure all code can be made better in the future, if you are up to it. But when I make reusable code, I expect that I can just take it into use later without needing to worry about things.
Vineet, what you are trying to do is a terrible idea! If you ever find yourself having to engineer something as fundamental as that, take a step back and work out what else does it! I don't really believe in the whole spoon fed SO thing, but what mtwebster says is on the right track!
'Course I do, corrected.
Excellent, happy to help! If you don't mind, can you accept my answer?
@DrabJay: excellent suggestion! Code changed. :-)
Any decent browser should protect against malicious code in images so I don't think you'll have to worry. If you're truly concerned you can use a combination of getimagesize() and see about using a ClamAV extension/program to scan files for malicious code. Nothing is perfect though.
@IanNewson Whoops.. I didn't see your answer.. I just replied to this question as I have faced the same problem before. Also the answer to the question is a very general one.. there is nothing to copy here.. It is not fair to downvote my answer.. hope you
It is specific, I'm not asking for a discussion, I'm asking for specific things people know of that are emerging.
@talnicolas I'm using it a few dozen times in my class. It's heavy to write, not easy to read and very painful to debug. I'm sorry, I didn't think the question was that subjective, maybe someone should move it to PROGRAMMERS!?
I didn't select an answer because even though two of them helped neither of them is complete.
I swear - I don't put pseudo code I get told off for having bad variable names and things that don't match... I put pseudocode and I still get grief!
I have attached below
This is for Tomcat 5.5
Paraphrasing Cypher, "StateOf.Confusion is bliss", so... Do all `MapCollection Items` have the same state? If so then have a single `ItemStatus` that every `Item` references. [`Application.Properties`](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.windows.application.properties%28v=vs.110%29.aspx) may be a way to globally communicate visualness.
Excellent! Thank you for your perseverence :)
I think it's shoe polish.... That was one wild night.
Makes completely sense. Put the content there more in case any other folks want a quick place to find it outside of the developer pages. That said, if you do find a specific solution, please share as I am very interested! Am working on building an AppEngine app and utilizing Maven with similar characteristics as yours this weekend!
When I refactor the following line: using Resharper's "Use Object Initializer", I get the following: I really hate this type of formatting because with longer object names and variables it just gets out of control. How can I get Resharper to do the following?
Wow, I've just had a look at the Corona SDK. It looks excellent! A really intuitive way to build apps. Thanks for the tip!
A few but they all seem proprietary.
that's what I thought, that's why I'm surprised
To push it to Heroku, you'll have to add it to your repo. Why don't you want to commit it? It's recommended to commit Gemfile.lock in your repo (unless you're developing a gem): When developing an app, check in your Gemfile.lock, since you will use the bundler tool across all machines, and the precision enforced by bundler is extremely desirable for applications.
I want them to resize based on the length of the data they're showing.
So first of all, is there any reason you don't want to add two internal div's as column containers (this is a far simpler solution)?So in order to do what your asking and not have it look completely terrible, you'd have to rearrange the div.inner's that you have there then float them to the left. I added a number to them to show their original position. So basically what I did was re-positioned them so that the left column item has about the same height as a number of right column items (1 is about the same as 2 + 5, 3 and 4 are close, and 7 is larger than 6 and 8). As for the CSS, you just add float:left; to .inner. But really the best way to do this so that all of the items in each column were touching without excessive white space would be to simply add a second set of div's.
@ThorbjÃ¸rn Ravn Andersen that's really great!
I'm not sure if this is a case here but if you are really worried about the gc in this case and you'd like to better control behavior of your derived maps and thus their influence on the performance of the gc in my opinion you should take a look at the usage of different kind of references (strong, weak, soft, phantom) in java.Also remember that pre-optimization is a root of all evil especially in programming.
I don't see how this is possible, but I really, really hate to run my query an extra time just to get the record count so I can build a pager. When I say a "pager" I simply mean the common gizmo with a link for each 10 records for example.
Is it possible (or desirable?!) to set up to behave more like ? For example, instead of writing why can't I just write Similarly, instead of why not just
Have added an answer
This is really weird. But a great question you posted! Nice to read. Here could be a solution: http://stackoverflow.com/a/3277996/1320237Why would it be impossible to import the Calltips module from the standart library? Maybe you have a Python 3 idle open? Then they interfere?
Yes, but it's tricky, since datetime parsing in SQL is a pain in the neck.
@njahnke: to me, it does not matter what they advise if they do not provide alternatives. I have been a happy user of qthttp thus far without worries, but yes, it is just a quick workaround as written.
@MaximilianBöther I'm sorry to hear that... Maybe you can get in touch with the developers of BaronReplays and ask them to help you out? If not, I'm afraid I cannot help you much more! Regards, Rodit
This question would now be more appropriate on SuperUser.
After looking at the answers below, I am very sad that this is an example of backwards progress for SSRS.
I absolutely hate cluttered seed files. Admittedly, it's a personal preference and not a right or wrong. Here's what I did in my app at work to handle the significant volume of seed data we are required to use: My seeds.rb file: A sample seed file in the seeds/ folder: This has the effect of loading our seed files in the desired order (using 01_ then 02_, etc.). It also breaks up our seeds into logical groupings and organizes them in such a way that, for our team, we can more easily manage them.
I installed Delphi 2009 Update 4 yesterday (very painful process ) Now, How can I make sure if it is properly updated? What is the build number shown in the IDE about box?
I'm very sorry about my horrible English! only for this example I use radio button, I'm considering using textbox too
I assume you're using Ken Reitz's excellent requests library to do the HTTP requests (if not, you really should be!)Most likely, the problem is that requests doesn't add a 'Content-type' header to multi-part uploads, and packmgr doesn't read multi-part bodies with no 'Content-type' header. So, while a normal 'requests' POST of a multipart-encoded file would go something like this: you instead have to use the longer form, setting an explicit content-type: Note that one side-effect of doing it this way is that it cannot stream the file - the entire package ZIP file will be read into memory.
Not for me, but I can suggest some possibilities :It may cause problem while editing--> This can be solved by using some comments--> And then this will cause the code messier Some code may crash and your code success will go away from you |.|--> No solution - unless you know more about the code! Code upgrade problem-- If external code has upgrade you may have problem to know which is that code--> Again use comments--> And again messier So these are some that I can think about!EDIT---Some cons:You can make it more convenient to edit--> You can edit more than one code at onceYou can edit some code that you wan't able to edit (external resource before)--> Modifying is more convenient.You can make it load faster--> 1 file with 1000 KB is faster than 1000 files with 1 KB each.It is safer--> You don't need to worry about external resource being deleted!!These are my suggestions. Try to think more about it!
I have just finish that site, but there is a silly bug that remain... if you check tu horizontal position of the WHOLE page there is a slight shift... nothing to cry about but WHY here is the 2 pages any idea, the horizontal css is: i dont like my page to do the cha-cha-cha !
Didn't notice the horrid inline jQuery, remove it! Then open the browser console (F12) and check for errors.
So to do this I would keep a list of axes and when I delete the contents of one I would swap it out with a full one. I think the example below solved the problem (or at least gives an idea of how to solve it): The extremely ugly for loop construct is really just a placeholder to give an example of how the axes can be swapped.
@Asad Actually do not need. I appended one letter at the end of each vowel and con table. @user3520307 My great pleasure to see my code be helpful!
Lastly, I don't see any styling data. Does your project have some CSS defined somewhere?
I'm trying to do this in a makefile and it fails horribly: do you know why? I guess it has to do with escaping, but what and where?
Here's a secret. In the chrome dev tools, do a cpu profile run. After you have stopped capturing, at the bottom of the screen is a down triangle next to "Heavy (Bottom Up)". Click the triangle and select "Flame Chart". Once you are in Flame Chart mode, you can zoom and pan to see the digest cycles, how long they take, and exactly what functions are being called. The Flame Chart is so incredibly useful for tracking down page load issues, ng-repeat performance problems, digest cycle problems! I really don't know how I was able to debug and profile before the Flame Chart. Here is an example:
sorry, you need to move that serializer before this one...i'll update the answer no problem, Django REST Framework is really great, have fun with it!
And what do those "lines upon lines of errors" say? (Sheesh! Getting information out of you is about as painful as pulling out teeth!!)
The function signature for pthread_create requires a function that returns . Also, returned from should be treated opaquely. Both of these changes are reflected below and compile on my machine: UPDATE: There are some other issues with your program as well. For example, it's very likely that main will exit before your thread runs. You should join on your thread if you want to make sure it exits first. Using raw pthreads is a great way to learn about threads but can be very very painful compared to some of the pre-existing frameworks out there - try boost::thread or std::thread if you want to just get up and running with as little hassle as possible.
Excellent! Thanks for the info.
this is for facial recognition, and auto submitting username and passwords in your browser, if you are in front of your PC. nothing malicious bout that ?!?
Do you have jQuery loaded correctly?
I've got this code, working only in firefox. PLEASE help, I have no idea, it's such a simple script, why is it not working?? thanks
@augustss: with `ImpredicativeTypes` you can make monadic binds polymorphic as well (though it requires a heck lot of extremely ugly type annotations).
Here is an excellent article that might help: CodinghorrorGenerally I would say: Put restrictive chmod rules salt, salt, salt !
OK, so what do you want me to do about that? Hint: how about *telling us* what your problem is?
Here is my PHP code.. ..I'm extremely crappy with my JavaScript code, could someone help me convert this? I basically want to convert a variable such as "marine-heavy" to "Marine (heavy)".
No, the output is not the same; one is a Unicode value, the other an undecoded bytes value.For ASCII, that looks the same, but when you load any web page that uses characters outside the ASCII characterset, the difference will be much clearer.Take UTF-8 encoded data, for example: That's a simple U+2013 EN DASH character. The bytes representation shows the 3 bytes UTF-8 uses to encode the codepoint.You really want to read up on Unicode vs. encoded data here, I recommend:The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely, Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets (No Excuses!) by Joel SpolskyThe Python Unicode HOWTOPragmatic Unicode by Ned Batchelder
Wow, great! thanks, I didn't know this one existed.
i work with Office 2007 (excell) in my C# program. i do this reference: it work excellent !, but if in the computer there is Office 2003 is it work good ? if not, what i need to do ? thank's in advance
I think your best bet is to drop the idea of wrapping the array in a structure, bite the bullet and allocate a 2D array yourself.This will mean that you need to do explicit indexing, but that would have to happen under the hood anyway.When it comes to alignment, if you're going to visit every array elements in each of the arrays, it probably doesn't matter, it's better to make them compact to maximize use of cache.Something like: Then to index, just do: If you're very worried about that multiplication, use a temporary pointer. After profiling it, of course.Sometimes you see this done with a helper macro to do the indexing: then you can write the final line as: it's a bit clumsy since the needs to go in there all the time, of course.
Suppose I have this interface And this class Is there a way, or is there a tool that can let me automatically put in the comments of each member in a base class or interface? Because I hate re-writing the same comments for each derived sub-class!
I asked before about pixel-pushing, and have now managed to get far enough to get noise to show up on the screen. Here's how I init: Here's how I render each frame: Problem is this is awfully awfully slow, around 5fps. I think my path to publish the buffer must be wrong. Is it even possible to do full-screen pixel-based graphics that I could update at 30fps, without using the 3D chip?
That's weird. I've tried using the twiny() option and it does not change the scale: This gives without : and with :Is this also the way you implement the second x-axis?Using you will be able to plot new data using the shared y-axis and the second x-axis.Hope this helps!
Paradise, if you submit that as a separate response I'll make you the winner!
Now when I load it to the device, an image won't show up. This is all kinds of horrible!
It's very painful to add multiple tickets to Trac or to have it as your own todo list. That causes people to use their own task management tools so tasks are then spread all around. Is there any plugin or macro that would quicken the process of adding a ticket?
I recently moved from a Mac + Textmate back to Visual Studio. The one thing I absolutely loved about textmate was it's find/search feature. It made navigating solution files so easy. Is there an equivalent shortcut/addon for Visual Studio?
I'm starting my first Drupal project, pretty excited :) I have a question the project is a hotel directory site. at sidebar I have locations list (London, Manchester, Liverpool, etc..) and filter the hotels related on location click. So, how should I create these cities? Should I put them manually and give links manually depending on location id? or is there any better way to create this location list and linking filtering dynamically (via cms, or custom module, etc...) Appreciate advices!!!!
Excellent! Look forward to hearing from you.
It's not a homework, and since there is nowhere on the internet how to solve this, I came up here. @pmr Excellent proposal! :)
Wow, great many thanks! File was Data!
Okay, I see your confusion and edited my response with some sample code/an appropriate link to wikipedia. You are confusing the entropy of the model's probability distribution with the cross entropy (or likelihood) of the predictions it makes on real data. Consider a model that assigns probability 1 to some event and probability 0 to everything else. It has 0 entropy, but makes absolutely terrible predictions on any testing distribution that isn't a purely non-random sequence, assigning 0 probability to events that actually happen.
Was afraid someone would say that...! Is there any hack I could put in place?
Excellent questions! This particular project will need DS, WAYF, etc.
I need from document object or from a DOM element (i.e. a DIV) to know which is its window object. In Firefox I can do: but obviously in that AWFUL browser that statement not work!!!
I need to develop a messenger-like text box, where certain tokens are being replaced with UI controls. Just for example, if the user types :-) it should be replaced with a smiley image. I have previous experience with WPF's RichTextBox and i understand the concept of TextPointer and TextContent. I just don't know how to replace a TextRange with a UI control... Would extremely appreciate your help :-) ! Gili
I would agree except they are related and I really hated the idea of writing 4 separate questions since they seemed to close.
Too slow and I prefer to operate in the same mode as my users. Also, I just really hate switching to debug. And its a waste of diskspace.
That's really bad. GWT looks extremely ugly with IE8 default!
Excellent point! :)
change the following to: to Added in the select, also ensure that DATABASE_TABLE has the column _id.A cursor adapter will always need an column!Hope that helps.!
@IgnacioOcampo, I gave up after a while I am afraid :(
When you try it, you get the error: This comes from (line 3023 on my sources, but varies by version), in . The comment there explains that: This routine is to be called by statements that must not run inside a transaction block, typically because they have non-rollback-able side effects or do internal commits.For it's called from in under the case for , but unfortunately there isn't any informative comment that says why specifically isn't safe to run in a transaction.Looking at the sources, I can see that for one thing it forces a checkpoint.Overall, though, I don't see anything that really screams out "we can't do this transactionally". It's more "we haven't implemented the functionality to do this transactionally".
@user2717118: Excellent! Please consider [accepting this answer](http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/5234/how-does-accepting-an-answer-work), then :-)
@KubaOber, I was in the process of revising the answer, but see you've already answered it.
Let's imagine something like this: Later I can do something like this: Is there any way I can set the limit when using the named query, and not when defining it? I'd would really love to do something like: or Thx in advance! :-)
This can probably be done using JavaScript.
any ideas at all would be hugely appreciated - can't find anything about this anywhere! :)
If I understand your question correctly, the exception is because variable is not found inside the function. I'd suggest learning scoping rules in Python or read this excellent to-the-point chapter on the topic (or search for this topic on the Web!).The other thing I'd recommend is not to handle all exceptions as you've shown in your snippet. Here's why.The fixed code could look something like this:
You'll need to create or call a refresh function from the same place as the alert() in the .get() call. That function is a success post-back.
Can anyone help me add children to a plist? I think I want to record an index of rows from the plist and then state which index row to write the key too. I'm not sure how to say if the key will be a string, dictionary or array. The following is code from another question on adding a key to root. Any help would be extremely appreciated :)
I ran through the li:last-child selector earlier
As I comment your question, there are of problems inside your code so better will be to use some ready function/class for it :) just search for it ..How ever I can give you easy way to display what you want..Replace your FOR loop with that code and it will be fine :) But really !!! 1st - MYSQL_ functions are deprecated use mysqli or PDO instead.. 2nd - ESCAPE all variables in your queries.. 3rd - Think for using more flexible methods of work (function/objects ..)
You can download a local copy of jQuery or use a CDN. This link has details: http://jquery.com/download/
I think it speaks volumes about IE that the keyCodes for the arrow keys form an angry sad face: %&'( (works better in the comment text entry font)
In VS 2008, there are XML code snippets that seem to be pretty awesome :) However, it seems that the snippets we created do not indent properly. For example if we have the following code: We get something like: Is there any way to make it so that all lines keep the same indentation?
Basically, I need a window to look like the following image: (Is NOT resizeable, yet retains the glass border) I've managed to get it working with Windows Forms, but I need to be using WPF. To get it working in Windows Forms, I used the following code: This does exactly what I want it to, but I can't find a WPF-equivalent. The closest I've managed to get with WPF caused the Window to ignore any mouse input. Any help would be hugely appreciated :)
I'm using Apache's implementation, namely http://ws.apache.org/xmlrpc/
This is a hack. It does not load the whole file into memory. I really hope you use Python 3.DecodeLargeJSON.py If you notice some objects that can not be decoded then you can tell me and we can find a solution.Disclaimer This is not the valid and best solution. It is a hack that shows how it can be made possible.Discussion Because it does not load the whole file into memory, regular expressions do not work. It also uses the Python implementation and not the C implementation. This could make it slower. I really hate how this easy task is hard. Hopefully somebody else points out a different solution.
Okay, a before <example> And a desired after <example> I know, horrific (don't ask!) See how the slash in the key indicates children, and how the order is nested accordingly? And items without orders are simply shifted to the bottom. But also how multiple 'same level' items with the same order are merely sorted by key?
I need the page to include the sitemap because I'm saving context from each of the three previous pages. That way the user can click the previous page in the sitemap, and it will load the data I stored (i.e. load the data from their previous search).
I'm working with a console application (C#) at the moment. What it does is pulls files from a database and stores them in their relevant folders on the C drive on a local machine. At the moment, every time I run the console app, it pulls ALL the files from the database. What I would like to be able to do, is each time I run it, It only pulls the files that were submitted since I last ran the console application. Currently, this is the linq statement that pulls the files from the database. Ideally I'd like something like the following where the date and time of the last run of the application is stored somewhere: I'm unsure on how to go about achieving this. If anyone had any advice on it I'd be very greatful :)
Great work in finding that bug report ticket! I was able to see the issue in the [fiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/5SCnJ/) that they provided. Notice also that the bug has been fixed! All you need to do is use a jQuery-ui >= version 1.10.3. I forked their fiddle and tried it with 1.10.3 and the issue goes away. Check it out [here](http://jsfiddle.net/mcoomey/JPC4J/1/). @user3496151: The fix that I demonstrated in the previous
There is another way... As the WPF application is coded with the .NET framework, it is compiled to MSIL (Microsoft Intermediate Language). This means you can use a decompiler such as ILSpy to decompile and view the code of BaronReplays. This will give you some idea of how BaronReplays works so you can implement the same ideas into your own code project...Hope this helped!Rodit
Would you happen to have another column in your table where you can group them as "1 2 3 4" , "1 2 3 4", etc?It would look something like this:1st column | second columnA | 1B | 1C | 1D | 1A | 2B | 2C | 2D | 2If you order it by 2nd column, it will return 1 1 1 1 2 2 2 2. But since you have another column, you can do order by 1st column, 2nd column, and it will be 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2.This ia ofcourse assuming that you have a field like 1st column. But given that you're looking at having them order like 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4, there must be something in your other fields that can help you achieved that Hope this helps!
You would need to create a counter integer variable that can keep track of the line index for you. Hope it helps!
Yes, this is question.
Everytime I execute my app in debug mode, the execution breaks inside some class file of an external library that I'm using. Even though it's a NullPointerException, for some reason I can hit resume and continue the execution. In case you're curious, I've put the stacktrace below. My problem though is that I simply want to stop that. It's extremely annoying and happens every now and then during the execution. But I can't find any setting anywhere which will prevent breaking inside class files. How do I avoid this?
Then you've got major problems! Let me meditate on it; it is extremely unpleasant, whatever. Are you on Linux or some other Unix-like platform?
works excellent!! thanks a lot guys!!!
I cannot seem to figure out why the phpunit target does not output any test results even though I have tests in position. The problem I am finding is there is no indication as to what the problem is! Incredibly frustrating. The output is as follows: My build.xml is as follows: My system: Vista, PHP 5.2.9, PHPUnit 3.4, PHPUnderControl, CruiseControl
excellent alternative!
I don't have any control over the dataset I recieve. The only thing I know is that it contains everything.
Reinnstalled Xcode4 - same thing. Awful!
Is your test case exhibiting this behavior in jsfiddle? I have tried it in Firefox, Chrome and Safari and do not see the shrinking you're talking about, although Chrome and Safari force a left-margin indent while dragging. (???) &#xA;&#xA;
I want to programatically detect if my site is within the Facebook iFrame app so I can display certain features specifically for Facebook. Otherwise if someone goes site without Facebook. Preferably an FBML, C# or JS solution would be great :) Thx!
You're very welcome ! It would be nice though if you upvoted and accepted the answer. This way other users could refer to it if they pass to the same trouble you had =P
@SamDeHaan, you are correct! transposed them as i was writing.
Is this valid ? what I'm really worried about is can you specify type and also use def at the same time?
I'm afraid you cannot fetch that!The Graph API don't provide any API to do so.
I store ranges in MySQL DB, but a lot of queries to MySQL for getting provider name - it's terrible :(
Make a canvas path glow by applying a series of overlapping shadows with increasing blurA Demo: http://jsfiddle.net/m1erickson/Z3Lx2/You can change the styling of the glow by varying the number of overlays and the blur size.Example code for a glow effect: To get the outline path of your phone image, you can use the "marching ants" algorithm.This algorithm will create a path that outlines an image. In your case you would define the image as all pixels that are not transparent.Here's a very good implementation of "marching ants" that is used in the excellent d3 library:https://github.com/d3/d3-plugins/blob/master/geom/contour/contour.jsIt's used like this:DrawImage your phone on the canvas. Get the pixel color array from the canvas using ctx.getImageData Define a function that checks the pixel array for non-transparent pixels at any x,y on the canvas. Call the contour function: Here's an example result:the glow is automatically generated using overlapping shadowsthe outline path of the phone is calculated using the marching ants algorithm
It would be a good practice to have a separate button that will disable method since it is very easy to get confused when using your program if the code for disabling and enabling this method is all written in one method named so I suggest you separate them to make the program's design more precise.Next thing you can do is to execute a , whic you are going to mark as . After having done this you can use .Here's how: Be warned that it's sometimes dangerous to throw exceptions as it creates some other bugs, but this option won't hurt much if you're just trying to disable a function. By the way, this will really not remove the method as it will just replace it, it's now up to you to choose which method will receive this. Hope this was helpful!
I want to duplicate a very large table, but I do not want to copy it row by row. Is there a way to duplicate it? For example, you can TRUNCATE w/o deleting row/row, so i was wondering if there is something similar for copying entire tables UPDATE: row by row insert is very painful (because of 120M rows). Anyway to avoid that?
huh...it will be very great if modal case working in my situation!!! I can't find any example in network of this realization!!!
Yeah, I know, I just can't figure out where the 'private' is coming from. It's very frustrating!
Excellent! PHP really is an impressive language.
If you only need the count (like you express in your original question), you could do: Hope it helps!
There are two issues with your regex pattern: Firstly, you forgot to add the ^ at the beginning. this is why only the last characters were checked, or to say: you did not check the entire input. Secondly, your cyrill check did not seem to be correct. Still, I am not used to cyrillic letters and I should be careful before I judge ;) hope it helps!
Try this: If you are really finding yourself getting interested in SpriteKit, then I suggest you expand your knowledge with some excellent tutorials. This will make your experience a lot less frustrating and put you on the road to becoming the next Angry Birds creator! Take a look at the tutorials on this site http://www.raywenderlich.com
Cool, that was going to be my next suggestion! Good luck :)
no answer yet.... sad =(
Why is powerbuilder community so small? If I have asked anything about JQuery/.NET/PHP, there would have been at least 2-3 answers by now :-(
Someone is scared to tell the reason of -1 !
You can use this Hope this helps!
yeaa im just not sure how i would be able to store a user input string into the array. I've looked around online and tried out some of their code. So im not sure. I really hate mips. :(
&#xA;I'm not very good at vb6, and I would do that from the aspx page by adding to the SqlDataSource an Update Command like `UPDATE [table] SET [date_debut_session] = @date_debut_session WHERE [id] = @id` and asp:parameters. define 'here': in the aspx or in the codebehind? 'cause I've tried and it works in the aspx but I haven't tried in the codebehind. have you tried [this](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4223938/how-to-apply-particular-format-of-date-by-using-eval)?
that's great :)
Some of your code seemed redundant, so I removed some. Such as defining and then duplicating it into so I just defined once. I got rid of , , and since you can just as easily enter the value directly.Then I got rid of the whole get the latest file in the log folder, and just added the content to the log file defined earlier. I changed the log entries so they were done by tabs so the entry type, date, and the actual entry all line up nicely when you view the log file.Lastly I changed the whole If>ElseIf>ElseIf thing into a Switch, because Switch is awesome and totally underused! Oh yeah, I got rid of because it's pointless to define a variable and then just echo it. What you could do is in the section have it write-host the error and call the log function again, so people are forced to enter a valid entry.
Indeed your question is an easy one, so I answer your question with some additional points that I think help you more than the answer itself:First, this is the code: Notes: Please1 - don't a simple problem a real hard one! if it's a hw you can convince the tutor about defining the string delimited with something like "," (if he/she insists) or whatever, and if this is a real project convince the customer, you don't want to torture yourself! 2 - you said you want to split the string into a 4 x 4 matrix, what if you want a 5x5 matrix? So take advantage of constants, and the same for the delimiter Hope these help.
@Pekka - what's the emoticon for being terribly embarrassed!
[fiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/mcoomey/JPC4J/1/) was not related to the table layout of auto versus fixed. The fiddle shows that it works for both. If you are still seeing a problem while using the newer version of jQuery-ui, then it must be another issue with your code.
I have implemented this in my Visual Studio addon Visual Installer as IntelliSense Member Completion.If you type variable followed by a period (.) a list of all possible members of this class is presented in a list from which you can choose:Second option is to move cursor over any class to view it's members:See details here: http://www.unsigned-softworks.sk/visual-installer/features.html#member-completionP.S. sorry for this self promo - TLama is very angry for promoting 3rd party software in Inno questions but there is no support for this in official Inno Setup editor and many people ask for this.
You have a lot of things going on here for one question. You can put all your code in a background service that gets started at boot time. There is a walkthrough here to show you how to do that (along with a million other sites). Addressing some of the other issues you listed:Google is your friend... Webcam - Found a quick reference here and hereFile Modification - Another SO thread hereSQL vs. Other Database - Not sure you need anything elaborate here, probably something you can put together pretty quickly. Another SO thread addressing that hereGood Luck!
How do you train Neural Network for pattern recognition? For example a face recognition in a picture how would you define the output neurons? (eg. how to detect where is the face exactly, rather than just saying that there is a face in camera). Also, how about detecting multiple faces and different size of faces? If anyone could give me a pointer it would be really great Cheers!
Test::FileReferenced has since been released, and it's close to what I was looking for.
Yeah, it's definitely annoying!
I am learning ML. Can some one please help me out with basic input/output functions in ML?? I just want to read input from console and store it in a variable and use it in my ML program. Please help. If you can point me towards some example for this also it would be super great!!! Thank you.
the question just came to me from a different team. The question was "how to query the users in the exchange server's particular User group". Its said that the Exchange server user group is not linked to an Ad group. The examples i could get are all for querying based on AD group. I heard there are two ways either through SQL or through DirectoryServices. Either solution is fine, but through DirectoryServices will be super awesome! Thanks again!
What will you be doing with the images? Displaying them in the browser?
@PeterGrantBue: I'm happy that my solution suits your needs. :-) Please, accept my answer if it really helped you out. Good luck with your game! ;-)
@PadraicCunningham Fixed; it's a habit. Though now it basically screams to be broken up over multiple lines!
It is really painfull to get all code form TFS whenever you make a build using NANT. Is there any settings in ccnet.config which will only take the files which are changed form last time which can speed up the process.
I'm not for sure how the ControlCollection of ASP.Net works, so maybe someone can shed some light on this for me. I recently discovered the magic that is extension methods and Linq. Well, I was very sad to find that this isn't valid syntax However from what I can tell, does implement the interface which provides such methods, so what gives? Why doesn't that just work? I have found a decent work around for this issue at least:
@Bober02 if u are in this industry sooner or later you will "meet" Martin Thompson's excellent blog, I'm glad to introduce you to it. :) http://mechanical-sympathy.blogspot.com/2011/07/memory-barriersfences.html Happy reading!
I am using WinForms.
Not to worry I've SOLVED it!
we definitely have differing views on what is the "easier" method achieve this functionality, and dealing with threads is not easier for me
I'm trying to make a link inside the fancybox single image title. I want it to redirect me to another fancybox window (witch is inline)... I have a script that makes the whole single image a link, but this targets my document title instead of the anchor title... I really hope someone will have a solution or a better idea on how to do it!! :) Thank you thank you thank yooou! :) btw: I have almost never worked with scripts.. In depth anyways...
Is there a shorthand for a new line character in Scala? In Java (on Windows) I usually just use "\n", but that doesn't seem to work in Scala - specifically outputs in Eclipse, (sic) from the command line, and from the REPL (GREAT SUCCESS!) works, but is there anything shorter?
I have a long scrolling page, and want to test if an element is 100px from the top, then apply a class elsewhere (until the next element in line is 100px from the top) If I could just get the basic statement I would be ecstatic, anything extra would be a bonus!
@Gabriele No worries! Glad to have helped :)
Excellent point! Thanks!! I did mean just the left side though.. (I should have specified that). Was glad to learn your insight though..
You can do as followed:When your app is not started/ running and you start from an notification, onCreate gets called. When your app is running (background or foreground), and you start a new intent from an notification this method gets called: (if you are using singleTop) To detect whether your app is running back- or foreground, you can simply set a boolean in onPause/onResume: Hope it helps!
I just caught that, Firefox doesn't preform spell checking on the title field for some reason.
is in so u need not to worry!Internally the data is always stored as TEXT, so even if you create table with , SQLite is going to follow the rules of data type
Is it possible to prevent a user from editing the title of a node on the node edit screen? One of the things I really detest about Drupal is the rigidity of the title & body field in each node.
I'm curious, shouldn't the other question be marked as a duplicate of this one? This question is two years older and has a higher rated answer.
I'm trying to output the following from within a liquid template: Obviously, Liquid sees this as a variable named and tries to do substitution. I'm trying to find out how I can output the actual braces. So far, I've found one method that works, but it's incredibly ugly: Yeah, told you it was gross. Here are other things I've tried: Any advice here?
Assets are bundled with your APK and they are read only. You cannot delete them in your app.If you're really worried about storage usage, consider alternative database distribution mechanisms such as downloading it over the network.
exactly why i'm asking because thats what i fear!
This will compile a regular expression that matches one or more This opens the file located at for reading, assigning the subsequent file object to the variable the function of file objects returns a list of the lines of the object. It is exactly identical to on systems that use as a newline. (Windows typically uses ) This splits the FIRST element of ( ) including everything but the LAST element ( ) on the regex you defined earlier (that, again, catches all -> )Note that this is really awful code. There's no reason to use a regex here, and using when you're only looking for the first line is kind of like building an engine so you know what the spark plugs look like. This is better:
<3 <3 <3 ! ! ! :)
I need to perform the same hash server side. All this code that I am digging through seems to have been run through some compression tool. Devastating.
Just that they make you list the type twice. i.e. List list = new ArrayList()
I'm looking for as automatic way as possible. Surronding every query with a StopWatch would work, but it's a lot of work.
Sorry, I misread your question and thought that the dragged row was the one that was shrinking. It's hard to say what is going on without seeing all your code. Is it possible that you don't have the columns styled to a fixed size and they are shrinking because you are dragging the widest content out of them? If you could set up a small duplication at [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net) it would be helpful.
You need to make the following changes to your code: However keep in mind that this is extremely vulnerable to SQL injection, and you should also swap MySQL for PDO/MySQLi immediately if you plan to use this code on a live website.
I just noticed also that you're calling **sortable** on the reportTableBody class, but that class does not exist in the fiddle code.
I really hate people who downvote for no reason. Just tell me what your problem is in a comment after you downvote. God!
I have but instead of bothering them I'd like to do it myself. I really enjoy trying new things and so far figuring all of this out has been very fun!
Excellent advice, thanks!
You are processing the newline character as if it is legitimate input. You should either read the entire line (including the newline, perhaps using a ) and then process the first character of the line or simply add a test to skip newlines in your loop logic.P.S. Converting case by adding or subtracting 32 is a really awful approach. It won't work with anything but a-z and A-Z (in the English alphabet). It won't work for most characters outside the Basic Latin block and shouldn't be used at all for characters that have no alternate case (such as newline). You should be using and instead.
Is there a way to pattern match in F# so that it will check to see if both elements in a two element tuples are equal. I'm incredibly new to F#, and also new to the whole concept of Pattern Matching in general. I was thinking something along the lines of... But I guess that would be too easy hah. Any suggestions? Or is there even a way to do that? Thanks for your help, you guys are incredibly helpful!
Unless you are able to demonstrate the problem with displayed code then I'm afraid there's not much more I can do to help you out.
Nope. It comes right up.
Gosh ! you're right !!! Excellent !!!! Is there a way to expand it programatically ? I added .setOngoing(true) (to the top) but it's not expanded... (not really the top because the first one is a notification when I'm plugged to USB for tools developpement ). Thank you again my friend !
@Colin Pickard: That's really sad :'( :'( :'(
The first line sets the file name variables and sets the field separator to comma. The second line sets the output field separator to comma too. The third line prints lines with 3 fields to the new file; the fourth line prints lines with other than 3 fields to the error file.Note that your code would be excruciatingly slow on big files because it executes two processes per line. This code has only one process operating on the whole file which will be really important if the input grow to thousand or millions or more lines.
Excellent! Thanks.
Nice! I love the video software! lol. Had to download it. Anyway, I fixed the Open Modal, I didn't fix teh fixed modal. I'll get back to you in a minute
Sorry, I was just trying to help and obviously misread the question. No need to get angry!
Great! Good to hear it. Can you please accept my answer? :)
Moderate > 300 - 500 nodes at once
You are right. See my update! Make a suggestion pls and I'll catch your thoughts ;)
I have a function name called setValue, used in many classes. Also, i have a global function by the same name. When i press C-], it goes to arbitrary setValue function. How do i directly jump to the global setValue function? It is really pain to use tnext every time to find if the function global.
Also, your fiddle example seems to be cut from a much bigger project with a lot of superfluous code hanging around. I think if you are able to duplicate the issue in fiddle then you should pare down the code to eliminate some of that and make it easier to troubleshoot.
I just followed your excellent recommendation --- thanks! :-)
In my WinForms app (C#) I have a circle (defined by a ) that I am presently filling with a solid color. I would like to fill this with a circular (not linear) gradient (so one color in the center fades to another color uniformly around the edges). I have experimented with , but am having no luck (I still see a solid color). If anyone has any sample code that does this, that would be terrific!
This is totally abusive if you intentionally are using this with resources that are managed.
Regular C++, or managed C++?
How to visualize XML from Java?
The top chunk of code is not indenting properly.
Loved Dan's solution! For python3 do:
I frightened myself how quick I figured that out!
You can also do Start->Run and type services.msc to get to the services and stop it.
StyleReports is one of the most heinous toolsuites I've ever had to use.
This gem is pure gold.
Why? Can¬¥t return $ -1.885,00?
did you get the answer you were looking for?
Thanks for the tips! Loving StackOverflow!
Deleting files in Xcode does not delete them from installed apps/build folders/etc. It's extremely annoying. If you really want your app to only run in 3.5 inch mode, delete the Default-568 file and make sure to run Clean/Clean Build Folder in Xcode, and delete the app completely off your simulator/device. It should start showing up letterboxed again. Apple is still accepting 3.5in only submissions.
no i got errors saying undefined, the swf code loads the other pages such as back buttons etc. it very frustrating tearing my hair out!
My approach to this problem would be: Create a that hosts a Add a dependency property to the . In the event handler, parse the CSV and update the accordingly. Add a dependency property to the - and when this changes, parse the CSV and add the data to the . See this question for a few pointers: By the way, a CSV of column names is a horrible interface! Why not expose a , then add a so that you can use a CSV string in XAML?
Excellent! I'm glad you were able to get it work for you. Best of luck with SAS!
Not free, from $195 as of July 2010
@Gili: SerialPort is in current production use by our customers.
Why is `AbstractMap.SimpleEntry` convoluted?
Excellent, Thanks!
How to find a whose is and is ?
Probably not, given they already have a checksum. Adding a second one isn't going to help all that much unless you're really worried about edge cases which the UDP checksum doesn't pick up.
Excellent summary!
I don't do c# anymore but yes I remember those templated stuff was really painful.
*I really love your project, It is really amazing!* Are you directly asking to BalusC?
I've set up Windsor to use constructor parameter names to map to a config file settings by convention. When a parameter is missing, it throws a very frightening : I want it to instead throw the following error: How can I do this?
Google says: 1 nibbles per nanosecond = 476.837158 megabytes per second In other words: Yes, very worried indeed.
That looks painful! `json_encode` is probably the right direction.
I think your underscores got eaten by markdown. You meant: 4.6.4.6.__class__.__name__
So through an incredibly awesome coding session I managed to extract all the variables on the first try. Well, all checked out except for array since the PDF I tested on didn't have one in the Aux Info. All the data from CGPDFDictionaryRef are now in an NSMutableDictionary, so its usable. Tomorrow I'll be making the second part to put it back into the other type that is needed, CFDictionaryRef. So if you wanted to wait I'll post it up.
I'm currently tuning a large app that uses L2S using the following process (to great success!) Start SQL Server Profiler and create a trace using the 'Tuning' template that gets saved to a file. Then interact with your app to exercise the slow spots. Stop the trace then start up the Database Engine Tuning Advisor. You can load up the trace file you just created and have it suggest all sort of optimizations. I've just created 5 non-clustered indexes based on its suggestions and my app is easily 90% faster that it was before.
How about any ugly abuse of the builtin command ?
Thanks @BrunoLowagie! (I'm so thrilled to get your reply! If you write that as answer I would accept it!) I have found the relevant code samples: [iText in Action, Ch. 16, ResizeImage sample](http://itextpdf.com/examples/iia.php?id=286), and also [How to recompress image in a PDF on Chris J. Haas's website](http://cjhaas.com/blog/2012/01/06/how-to-recompress-images-in-a-pdf-using-itextsharp/) The first sample modifies a `PdfWriter` replacing virtually every `PdfDictionary` key in an `PdfImageObject`, even passing in a byte array - bypassing image validation. Second sample goes through an Image
If you're worried about burning bandwidth, RDP is NOT going to help!
why I can't simple: instead of:
I recently started reading about CoffeeScript and it looks absolutely amazing! However I can't seem to figure out if there's an easy way to access/use external JavaScript apis. I use OpenLayers extensively so could someone show me how the following snippet would be written in CoffeeScript?
A module name is an , so it must normally start with a lowercase letter, unless you enclose it in single quotes. This is actually possible: But completely horrible, so don't do this.
os.statvfs() doesn't work on Windows (Python 2.5.2 -- current production version).
Can we inherit singleton class?
How to set the default proxy for Internet Explorer in C# .net? I wanna make a browser capable of searching for a valid proxy in a .txt file and using it. The IP and Port used with the set default proxy command are valid however, the command itself does absolutely nothing. The only way I've found to use a proxy with a VS2013 .net browser is by adding it manually to IE which is incredibly useless.
no answer yet.... sad =(
On my site the fb connect login button suddenly became unclickable, I have no idea what I did (top right) If anyone has any idea that would be excellent!
Page/MasterPage/Control lifecycle makes me cry :(
I must investigate further, but I fear it's not : big precompiled pieces of middleware ahead !
I'm working on Java web application and using from and as a web server. When i build the project, build complete successfully but when i start , the files that created during build in folder, getting to deleted!!
In my personal opinion, I would make theUILabels as properties of the UIView, so option 2. You can then access them from the view easily through the controller. This also gives you the advantage of reusability from the view to any controller, and since dealloc will get rid of those from the UIView, you only worry about cleanup once!
The question on how to check input for validity is answered numerous times! You just check whether the stream is in a good state. If not, you'll reset the stream and ignore the character. Search for question where this answered. Also, don't use exceptions for non-exceptional cases and *always* throw something derived from `std::exception`: once you have tried to locate where an exception came from which isn't derived from `std::exception` in a program with a few million lines of code you'll find it extremely helpful to look at what `what()` returns!
PHP: RESULT: i want the result:
Behaviour by tag, when you can just set a target action on a button directly? That's horrible!
XCode refactoring tools are pants! Up until 4.0 you could only do renames, and not very well. They're thrown a few more in the recent releases. IntelliJ was excellent for refactoring - and now JetBrains have an Xcode alternative: AppCode - i've tried it and it works great, and it has all the great refactoring tools I remember - and they work! Can't bring myself to leave Xcode though - i like it.
Its not quick to do, but you can also run FXCop, and it will alert you to objects that are IDisposable that arent in a using() block. Working on some legacy C# code here at work, I found that whoever wrote it orgininally actually made a ".Dispose()" method is almost every class, even if not needed, but the classes don't actually implement IDisposable. Which means in intellisence they all have a Dispose() method, but can't be put in using() blocks... very annoying!
Excellent question!
Ah, excellent!___
Check out GSON for converting POJOs to JSON: We've been using for a couple of years now. Very excellent library. For POJOs to XML, Jersey uses JAXB or you could roll your own serializer.
@Daniel: excellent! that's it exactly.
I think this may get awfully painful if I need to use more of `$.ajax`'s properties locally
ouch. I have a large table, and the row by row insert is very painful
What would the above be in PHP?
Thats leet for sure
I wrote a tool to create SVG maps : which also has a world map that you can customize to your liking: Hope this will help you or any other folks who are after a customizable world map!
No worries, once you know, you know!
(lack of line breaks in comments is saddening!)
How do i replace with using php
Instead of this just use . THis will help you to come back to the previous activity. As per your code, the application was completely killed.
I've accidentally created a file called / and one called --reporter=test and now I can't delete them, attempting to delete the --reporter file results in rm: illegal option -- - I haven't attempted to delete the one called / I'm too scared, help!!
no worries! You should answer your own question, so others in future know what the issue was.
For someone who uses the Ctrl-W bindings in vim habitually, it is incredibly annoying to have Chrome OS ask me, "Wanna close this window, then?" How do I remap keys in Chrome OS? Can't find this top secret setting anywhere.
I discovered the problem: I created my rails project with and had a model 'Dream' as well. Rails was looking at the application class instead of the model class. I got an error about Dream already existing when I created the model and hand hacked my way around that (in retrospect, a horrible idea). This has been very frustrating but I have learned quite a bit!
Yup, for the better. It makes it harder to write hard to read code.
No. I cannot seem to be getting the module to work. Its really pain staking.
yeah, your pain is mine! This method described by ctrahey at least gives you some clue.
At the moment my divs load in one by one on page load. It's absolutely fine! Though when I make an ajax request and then to the same container my code then loops through all of the divs on the page rather than the newly added divs? My question is: how would I perform the same effect on only the newly added ajax success data? jQuery: HTML:
@JoranBeasley You're right for the new format though.. and I totally hate it :(
Loved all 3 responses! I picked Gordon's because it allowed me to do an outer join and ignore rows that had an additional filtering parameter (I didn't ask for this but I was able to implement that later). JBrooks solution was great because it had a smaller footprint and allowed me to leverage functions, and shree's one was a little too verbose for my bigger project but still did exactly what I needed. Thank you all!
I figured out, way of calling the Hub was not correct. For the time being i have modified my code as in Global.asax :- Works absolutely fine now :) Still figuring out better alternatives !!!!
Excellent, thanks! That looks like an elegant solution.
It's works fine :) Thanks !
Excellent example and interesting discussion! Thanks everyone!
What is the difference between and similarly and It is really painful when i align the controls with and when i try to align in the Design mode it adds the , how to prevent auto adding property to a control while aligning it, as I already defined the to it why it doesn't update the same property. Its really irritating when we want to do animation on controls, it reverses the direction of animation
@crush oh man would that be painful to query on!
If the user hasn't checked anything there will be no $_POST['features'] or $_POST['fright'] You need to do an isset, or more precisely a ! isset
xp any, and win7 any.
Why does the test return false?
Isn't this just 0xFFFFFFFF ?
I have a series with many null values all over the place on the line. I need the gap between those values to be represented with a dotted-line or whatever (another color). Any help will be very welcome :) thanks!
@RobG - I hate IE! jQuery is my final weapon.
Hey I figured it out! I wasn't using Virtual, New, nor Override keywords effectively and I learned how to directly access the Font property of the progressbar control. I bet you guys figured all this out and was letting me think it through. Totally awesome! How did you guys get to be so smart? Well anyway, thanks for letting me learn from the best teacher of all. God bless! Craig. (Now, how do I close this question again?)...
Select the cells in question and do a find and replace... Find . Replace / I tested it and it worked perfectly :) Hope that helps!
How can I get my Error, Logcat, Debug, etc. tabs to go back to the bottom-middle of Eclipse? For some reason, they moved up between the Package Explorer and the code editor in a vertical arrangement - I really hate it when sections of an IDE break off and dock to some seemingly arbitrary area.
I built an xml-rpc server in Python using SimpleXMLRPCServer, according to the example in the Python documentation. I'm calling it from a Python client on the same machine. The body of the server function executes very fast on its own. But I find that xmlrpc client performance is excruciatingly slow, taking one second per call. (Using xmlrpclib.) A speed-up technique I found on the web () didn't help. My connect URI is: I'm running Python 2.7 x64 on Windows 7, but it works the same for 32-bit Python 2.7.
That thing is really really awesome!
Take a look at this , and rejoice! :)
I'm rethinking the design of my GUI. I designed a few JFrame with Netbeans automated GUI (yes, I'm lazy, and this generated code is often awful, I know !), but now I want them to be JPanel (actually, to inherit from another class that inherits JPanel). But I had the "setDefaultCloseOperation" modified, so my code is broken : setDefaultCloseOperation is impossible for a JPanel. Since I can't modify the generated code, I was wondering : is there a way to make Netbeans understand I changed my mind, and regenerate the code ?
I have a BufferedWriter to which I use to write characters into a PipedInputStream. Based on keyboard events. But I am implementing a backspace handler, but I can see no way of doing so without unputc. I am almost falling back into using a string to buffer the current line. Perhaps, I could do a better job using Canvas instead. (God how I hate java!)
Take from :
Where is `bInfo` defined?
I really hate when this happens.. I search and search for an answer and then I post a question. Then minutes later I find the answer.. The answer was on line 5.. this let me make the call.. I mean I get a pile of junk on the screen, but it doesn't fail... no exception.
Daniel, that is *awful*! `:-)`
Hey I just had to solve this on a project I am working on, here is my answer Then in my configuration (I am using Fluent NHibernate to configure my unit tests in code) AWESOMENESSSSSSSS!
The ``-Q`` option doesn't seem to exist on my machine.
Thank you, the first example was extremely helpful and I now have it working, thanks!
Excellent, I'll check that out later, looks promising, thanks!
+1 I do not have cell phone and credit card since 2007
What database platform? sql server? oracle?
wonderful :-) :-)
Aye, the timer idea would result in horrible flickering for sure!
Mark B - excellent - works perfectly ! Thanx again :)
Excellent! it's very useful to me!
Let's imagine something like this: Later I can do something like this: Is there any way I can set the limit when using the named query, and not when defining it? I'd would really love to do something like: or Thx in advance! :-)
Excellent! Cheers dude
NicoGranelli mentioned Nancy(). It's really great! Plz check this project JabbR() It's a chat involving SignalR and Nancy. Great Job!
I tried the new bootstrap 3 package - it is really great! Now I want at least a 3 level navigation and adapted lib.navigation.main in the setup: Unfornately the menu is not working correct (3rd level entry visible, no flyout). I also included the paypal-accessibility-plugin...
@MarcinJuraszek: that's an excellent idea, thanks! just implemented it, however should I create an index for the 'rand' column? If I do, data infile takes ages to load the file. If I don't, I get no results when I add: `ORDER BY sb.rand ASC`. Any thoughts
Excellent, thank you for sharing this!
That's excellent, and works absolutely beautiful!
+1 pines is excellent!
Loved the keyboard geeks part!
hi guys I am trying to create a program to allow a user to input a sequence of brackets (one at a time) and check to see whether there is a corresponding ending bracket. The brackets are entered on a new line every time to aid in the reading. I've set up an ADT for it but just cant think of how to get the while loop going and the checking...... I know if an ( bracket is entered i should push that into the stack and when a ( is entered i should pop one of the stack but I just cant work out the bits in the middle any help would be loved :) //ADT code
I have found the from Position Absolute to just be that, Absolutely awesome! :). I have an on how to include it in ASP.NET MVC and in ASP.NET, you could just pass it the generated form id.
Excellent, thanks!
Everytime I restart my computer another Ethernet adapter local area connection is created. I've tried to search the web for other people having same issue, but without luck. Hope you guys can help me out, it would be extremely helpfull!
+1, Excellent explanation!
I saw questions about GWT + SPRING + HIBERNATE integration but none is clear or up to date with the current versions! Please if there is anyone who has a clear and simple example of the integration (form submit and saving in DB) I will be extremely thankful! If you could put the simple project in a ZIP and upload it (with its jars it will be great) Thank you!
This worked for me.
I didn't know that. I always thought it was AND.
can do it ! And you can find other plugins on the . Note that you cannot use this plugin with github pages. This video is excellent !
I have imported the data into an database. Patient(pt_id,pt_name,pt_type,pt_loc) Now , I want to find which of these a primary (have unique) values. Any way I could found is would return the same value Any input would be great :) Thanks!!!
@MattBurland no worries!
That's one bit of excellent logic! Thank you so much!
@ryanc: Excellent! Now I understand what is going on, rather than just thrashing, as before. I think your explanation (about the canvas ignoring `refresh-now` before it is open) is very sensible. (If any Racket developers are listening here, it seems a va
I'm in Ubuntu using gVim. Something is just wrong with the Window management of gVim - it keeps resizing on me! ... It usually happens when I either switch tabs or split the window or switch between splits. Any help would be completely awesome! Thanks!
I absolutely hope for your sake that this library does not use the RTL rng!!!!!
There is a such thing as a [sublime-project](http://www.sublimetext.com/docs/3/projects.html) file which you could check into Version control, but it seems like it could be overridden by Syntax specific settings per the [settings doc](http://www.sublimetext.com/docs/3/settings.html), and people would likely have to use the project file to get the benefit. [This blog](http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/tools-and-tips/sublime-text-2-project-bliss/) is also interesting and applicable.
that's what I thought, that's why I'm surprised
Yes, it's possible, juste remove the second parameter of your method (it's totally useless) ans it will work (I tested the code) !
Maybe this will be of some help -
I'm using MongoMapper and am trying to come up with a way to use an abbreviated field name. I want to keep the keys as plain english but have the field names stored short (e.g. "name" maps to "_n"). I noticed a conversation but it ended up closed () and I was wondering if anybody has an example of how to accomplish this. I'd be extremely grateful for any feedback!
I am trying to get Titanium Studio to work for some time now.. I am using Linux Mint XFCE Edition. I have to install nodejs and the packages titanium, alloy, acs, acs-node with npm. Now every time I install nodejs again and install a titanium or alloy via npm it creates a new directory I actually have a directory called in my root dir (where username is my username). All the other pacakages I need to install (acs, acs-node) give me: I really hope, someone can help me! I don't understand at all what is going on. I am installing nodejs from PPA: because the version from the Linux Mint repository are way to old. Any help very much appreciated!
I'm adding the Roles provider to the built in AccountModel but having some problems adding GetAllRoles in my view using the Register View Model. View Model from AccountModel Roles Service added to AccountModel Register View Page Inherits RegisterModel I'm not sure how to populate the DropDown list with all the Roles from the View Model. Any help would be really great!!
I found the answer! It appears to be an issue with sending to the development device tokens. Like most people, we have a database that stores the device tokens, and the earlier records were populated with our device tokens from testing. As soon as I net out those device tokens from my list, all works! I really hope someone finds this useful!
This one does not: Why is that?
That's super great ! @JoshuaNozzi Thanks !!!
New to programming and this is my very first post! Very exciting:D Thank you all in advance for sharing your expertise. I would like to be able to somehow reference the earlier created timer and to be able to extend it (call Change upon its instance perhaps?) on Button2_Click. Please take a look at the code below:
