Text
Is there a way to have mod_wsgi reload all modules (maybe in a particular directory) on each load? While working on the code, it's very annoying to restart apache every time something is changed. The only option I've found so far is to put below every import.. but that's also really annoying since it means I'm going to have to go through and remove them all at a later date..
Is it possible to use Twitter's API to grab search results? For example, if I wanted my page to show all tweets (man I hate that term) with the word "cat" in it? Is it also possible to get just the matching results that were after a certain date?
One thing I forgot, make sure the dev database you are running the migration from (the sql server database) is updated from production immediately before each test run. Hate to have something fail on prod because you were testing against outdated records.
@Kev its a deployment headache, you can ilmerge it in ... but still its an extra bit of luggage you need to worry about
Hate to say it, but I don't think there is a way to alleviate this. I do think that it depends on the client system, though, so a faster javascript engine or machine may make it slightly more accurate.
COM components are really a pain to manage, update, versioning, etc.
Notably, the debugger shows the string *with* escape characters. When the string is printed in the console, the escape characters are not included. "\"code\"" vs. "code". This 100 character limit is very annoying as it prevents you from copying, say, a long JSON string and then immediately pasting that string (escape characters included) as a test string variable in your code.
i am also having this exact problem. large table, nested divs within table. firefox renders teh page within 10 seconds, ie renders the table after a wait of 2 minutes. firefox still zips along with teh drag and dtop, ie crawls.. infact it freezes, and the drag and drop sdoes not work. am going to try some of teh solutions below. the fixed width, and the #id tagname.class references. But i do fear that it will still be slow. if anyone else has some good i deas, I would be all ears.
I'm developing an OSX application () that runs with LSUIElement set (system menu only - no tray icon, doesn't appear in cmd-tab). It works totally fine, but someone just pointed out that it has a blank process name in the Activity Monitor listing. Just says nothing. Everything else in there has a name. Even other apps running at LSUIElement. I've tried to search around the web, but I can't spot anyone talking about this. What on earth should I be looking for?
@DevSolar I would like to use boost more, but its synergy with C++11 is terrible, and there are some rather... _curious_ design decisions (Iostreams requires Devices to be copyable, but makes streams noncopyable... oh, and also nonmovable - at least in th
I'm cleaning up the CSS on a fairly large (and somewhat disorganized) website. Is there a simple way (or a piece of software) that will let me find, for example, all the "a" tags that are within "h3" tags? Or all the "spans" that are within "p" tags? I want to modify some of these CSS rules but I'm afraid I'll break something hidden somewhere. Any advice?
As mentioned on StackOverflow podcast 30 - JanRain RPX has beaten me. Sad face for me.
This algorithm is terribly inefficient for small sample chosen from a large set. Picking 5 integers from a million takes one million calls to rand() instead of 5.
I often need to execute custom sql queries in django, and manually converting query results into objects every time is kinda painful. I wonder how fellow Slackers deal with this. Maybe someone had written some kind of a library to help dealing with custom SQL in Django?
The move to version 7 is painful, I totally agree. Our process has taken just as long (and seems to be stretching out forever) - especially coming away from Rational Suite into individual v7 products.
What's the easiest static (non-animating) 3d model format to load with Java? I used .obj in C++, but that's a pain to do in java. Is there anything better?
In netbeans, if I select some text and press , it works correctly and the text is indented to the right side as expected. But if I then try to backspace behind the text, it only removes one space at a time. Very annoying. Is there any way to change this setting, so backspacing behind a tabbed line causes the whole tab to be removed and not just 1 space?
It's a terrible idea to include a using directive in a header file too. This simply mitigates that problem.
Don't want to beat a dead horse, but it is really important that you understand that this is a terrible idea.
ADG is a terrible and wondrous thing. I'm still trying to figure out the "data" object structure when using group fields Cheers
Ah, this was actually dumb...I solved it. I had two checked out directories that were both very much the same. I was in Eclipse and I didn't realize that I had been editing the wrong file all along. STUPID! STUPID! STUPID! Oh well it's not a total loss, now you all get to see how to fix ff3.
In general, this is a _terrible_ idea. C++ headers are not intended to be included in an alternately namespace as was used here.
can you help? i have a DB, the unique identifiers are GUIDS - we need to implement URL rewriting however the page names look terrible for example: testpage-2668FF87-0A3A-4cac-B9AB-2367D17A76C3.aspx title of page / unique identifier my DB's that i setup i use Ints as unique identifiers so i never had this problem: testpage-1.aspx title of page / unique identifier (int) what do you suggest ?
Would've loved to. But there is no hash_map in the C++ standard library, and PHB's don't allow code outside of that.
I have one of the Microsoft keyboards with their Function lock... man I hate that thing.
I am currently developing a system on a server running PHP version 5.1.6 thus I am forced to use Symfony 1.1 in the current environment. I am planning to migrate the application from 1.1 to 1.2 in the somewhat near future and I was wondering if anyone has any experience with this? I have attempted to migrate a system from 1.0 to 1.1 and that was a major pain in the rear. How has it been for anyone out there migrating from Symfony 1.1 to 1.2?
I can't help think that making XML ad XMLList both unrelated, as in both extend Object directly, is a design flaw in the AS3 core library. Surely having XML extend XMLList would be a much cleaner system, where XML is considered an XMLList with only one member? This would also avoid the very annoying practice of an E4X query possibly returning either an XML or XMLList, which can result in a casting error. So is there any reason I'm not thinking of that XML and XMLList were designed to only have Object as a common type?
In theory, you could apply that philosophy to every single question on SO. But it would be terribly boring to do so.
I have various files that I want to be ignored by SVN when committing. I know that I can go into TortoiseSVN and ignore them in various ways. I know that I can run svn propedit svn:ignore from the command line to do the same thing. The problem is that I have to have everyone on my team to do that, which is a pain. Is there a way that I can put some file in a folder or set something in my SVN repository that tells it to never check a certain file in?
Alan, I assume some people already hate you just for asking. And they have a point.
I have a basic app written with ATL, using the wizard with VS2008. I have a treeview in the left side of the app. I see how to (painfully) add tree items. Question is how do I show a menu when the mouse is right clicked? How do I trap any click events on each item that could be selected?
For C# Visual Studio uses 4 spaces by default, whereas for C++ it is hard-tabs. Why is it so? Why is it different? My project consists of both C# and C++ code and the difference really annoys me. I want to set a common standard for all the sources, but I wonder if this would have any drawbacks.
I have a class, let's call it LineGraph, that renders a line graph. I need to subclass it, but the derived class is only used in one place and is coupled to the class that uses it. So I am using an inner class. I see two ways to do this: Anonymous inner class Named inner class I am not a fan of anonymous inner classes, because frankly I just think it looks really ugly. But in the case of a subclass that's only used in one place, is a named inner class overkill? What is the accepted practice?
I want to change an image of an UIImageView from the applicationDidFinishLaunching method of the app delegate class. But I am afraid that this class doesnt know much about the controller outlet. What must I do in this case?
Currently the msbuild logs for team build are appalling as they are just plain text and are very difficult to read. Also the ones created by my build are approx 30Mb and take quite a while to download (our TFS server is in our datacentre). Does anyone know any way of being able to view these logs easier, prefereably integrated with either TFS itself or TFS WebAccess?
Some more depressing news here: http://kb.adobe.com/selfservice/viewContent.do?externalId=tn_14213
Not an answer, but why on earth would you want 32,000 items in a combo box? That is a terrible way to store that much data.
I hated using UML tools till I found http://yuml.me/ which offers some sort of DSL to describe UML diagrams. No mouse-fiddleling any more :-).
(and even worse, the + or - 10 is dependant on the order of registering the observers!)
I have a page that uses excanvas to draw some images. While testing the new page in IE6, one computer attempts to open office 2000 and install a missing component. If the office 2000 install is canceled the vml images appear. This problem only happens on one of my test machines but it still worries me. Anyone seen this issue when using IE6 and excanvas before?
Does anyone commit Qt to their own source control? If so, how do you do it? Do you commit the whole Qt directory or do you pick only the ones that your application needs (bin/lib/include/src) How do you handle the case when new Qt version comes out? I'm asking because I'm trying to setup Build automation and Qt moc is a bit of a pain...and just wondering how people handle committing 3rd party library in general.
Sorry to be a pain, but I have 2 questions. 1) But where is the log? I assumed that it would be in $ftpreturn. 2) How do I check the bytes sent?
The ToolStripManager is hopelessly broken. LoadSettings doesn't do a thing...and I'm evidently not the only one with this problem: https://connect.microsoft.com/VisualStudio/feedback/ViewFeedback.aspx?FeedbackID=128042 So...anyone have a workaround? The one posted in that thread just moved all the toolbars to the bottom of the window.
I ended up writing a python parser myself. I managed to do it by following the spec here: And then taking the code tables from the horde.org cvs. The open mobile alliance's site and documentation are terrible, this was a very trying project :(
The method in .NET returns a by-ref version of a type, e.g. passing the type of returns a type representing . However, if you already have a , what is the mechanism for obtaining a plain old ? There doesn't seem to be an opposite method to remove the by-ref modifier. At the moment I've put a hack in place which re-builds the assembly-qualified name without an at the end of the type name and then loads that type, but this is horribly dirty...
@sixlettervariables: No, I'm not asking. I'm scared of the answer.
This is simply the tip of the WTF iceberg I'm exposing with this question. The rest of the app, and the purpose for its very existence is more painful, if you'll believe it.
Evaluation of what? I may be being slow today, but I really don't understand what your problem is. I'm awful tempted to vote to close on the principle that I don't see a real question.
Your solution is subject to all sorts of horrible HTML escaping issues and possibly injection attacks.
Anyone have a graphical tool for developing mod_rewrite rules. Ideally it would display a pipeline of rewrites and then when given an instance of a uri would show the transforms as the get applied. It's always a pain to get them setup just right so any way of making it easier would help.
This is officially the first time I have seen it referred to as Red Gate's Reflector as opposed to Lutz Roeders Reflector. Sort of sad in a way
I have a main flash from wich i load another swf file from the server. From time to time i change the second swf file and want to load a fresh copy from the server. I clean the cache from the browser but my client does not know how to do that and it's a pain to give him directions. If i want to load a fresh copy of the main swf i just add a "main.swf?version2" but i can't do that with the loadMovie function in flash. Any ideas how i can get a fresh copy from the server without changing the name of the file?
I actually tend to prefer PascalCase here - but out of habit, I'm guilty of UPPER_CASE...
I have a user control that I've created, however when I go to add it to the XAML in the window, intellisense doesn't pick it up, and I cant figure out how to add it to the window. I'm pulling my hair out here! Any help is greatly appreciated!
I get the following when I build locally I get this error when building locally or on the team foundation server. Not exactly sure how to solve it, have the iis app pool and web site running as the tfs user so it doesn't have any problem viewing the website but the error is really irritating as its always telling me my build is broken.
cat'ing a script to paster shell scares me. The interactive Python shell has different rules for, e.g. terminating multi-line statements.
Standard LAMP config. As the guy said below, I imagine the file is just not being delivered correctly or something. Just worried something is breaking for my users!
@wst It doesn't even have the decency to return the same map? That is really terrible.
@Almo @trojanfoe yes it was a horrible syntax error, sorry guy's!
Is search and replace the only way to rename as asp control in the code behind file? I find this extremely annoying, but it is the only way I can find. Scenario: I'll find a variable that needs renaming (Usually to meet naming convention) I'll rename the variable in the aspx/ascx file. I'll have to go in the code behind files and search and replace. I get annoyed Are there any better ways - preferably that would not touch a similarly named variable in another scope in the project. I'm on VS2008 with resharper -- does VS2010 address this perhaps?
I've done some easy .hover(function() statement in jQuery. When i hover over a text i simply want a #div.fadeIn, and on non-hover fadeOut. It works. But it's just if i spam the text-trigger with hover and un-hoverring really quickly and then stop the animation begin to give a blinking effect. It just kind of loops, really annoying!
damn..thats what i was afraid of!!
You could try this one (not optimal, I am afraid):
I am aware of question, but not to sure how to map it to my current situation. (Rebase is scary, undoing rebase is double scary!) I started out with several different feature branches of my master: I wanted to merge them all together and check they worked before merging back onto the top of master, so I did a: Then Which leaves me with Then I corrected some bits that didn't compile properly, and got the whole feature set to an acceptable state: My problem is that my colleagues tell me that we're not ready for FeatureA. Is there any way for me to keep all my work, but also revert to a situation where I can just rebase FeatureC on to Feature B?
Also if someone could please let me know if my question is hard to understand, I will re-state. This is incredibly frustrating...suddenly my Stylus files are not compiling at all, and I have not changed any code.
I'm afraid not, I ended up just removing some of the deeper folders to work around the issue - not ideal!
Official guide says: Tomcat deployment is trivial and requires copying the WAR file into the TOMCAT_HOME/webapps folder and restarting the container. But this is really painful :-( Does there any way to deploy app without restarting Tomcat ?
I've updated the fiddle. I had to use classes to get it to work, so its not 100% perfect imo.
In my mental model of authentication, a user should be distinct from the way they log in. So for example, a User could have an associated EmailLogin (with an email/password), or they could have many (or none). Similarly they could have 0..* associated OpenIDLogin credentials. Are there any existing authentication libraries for Rails which use this method? Alternatively, is this a really terrible idea?
That didn't work I'm afraid :( Daniel, main.cs: http://pastebin.com/CCdchuQs
Why am i using over 80% CPU when just hovering some links? As you can see in the video i uploaded: the CPU goes to >80% CPU when i move my mouse over the links. My style for the items are as follows Why?
I just wrote this function, so there are no versions to speak of... I'm afraid I'm not very faimiliar with mapping!
I'm a novice programmer who is attempting assembly for the first time. Sorry in advance if this is an incredibly lame question. I have a character stored in the EAX register, but I need to move it to my DL register. When I try: mov dl, eax I get an error C2443: operand size conflict. I know that the eax register is 32 bit while the dl is 8 bit... am I on to something?? How do I go about solving this.
Oh. That's really sad. So It would be only plane menu options with white background., is it?
You need to or if you target Windows Phone 8.1.And port you code to DirectX 11 the call is . It will be painful! You will still use this feature level.
The plan of making a mum/dad accessible UpgradeYourBrowser page was growing for me the last few days, but now caffeine and this bug just filled me with angry rage (the green kind)
I really hate Jquery, your code looks as if you are looking forward to publishing your project finalized with Jquery..Anyhow.. if your looking to replace the jquery selector $("") with a function you should know that the function requires that it returns a DOM element. otherwise an error will be flagged and java script with abort.
Ah man, my changes did not save. JSFiddle was lagging terribly for me so I'm not suprised -- sorry!
that's sad:-( I don't need it for debugging, I need it for other purpose.
I running an exe from a .NET app and trying to redirect standard out to a streamreader. The problem is that when I do myprocess.exe >> out.txt out.txt is close to 14mb. When I do the command line version it is very fast but when I run the process from my csharp app it is excruciatingly slow because I believe the default streamreader flushes every 4096 bytes. Is there a way to change the default stream reader for the Process object?
SORRY! had some syntax issue, i fixed it and it works now...what should i do with the question?
The function is extremely annoying because it uses a prototype or something insane like that. You'd have to do an ampersand-call to override the prototype: .However, you are trying to transpose the matrix, not to it (which would produce a continuous list like We could use an iterator in conjunction with : which works, but this is severely overthinking the problem. Let's just swap indices:
Then you should be more specified in asking the question. You confused me..
Sorry -- Current output is raw HTML as far as I know. I'll double check that, though. Warren -- I suppose that is what I'll have to do. Looks quite scary, though!
Enumerating all partitions of a set is . Now, all permutations of all partitions of a set will be , although the example is a bit artificial. Now, to come up with a useful algorithm it's a totally different story. I am not aware of any such algorithm, and in any case its scaling will be absolutely awful.
so im using a simple submit binding to pass a function data: i just started working with KO so i was to write a basic print function to test this input out: my problem is when i hit submit i get a "you entered: undefined" but when i refresh the page the input that is in the form gets an alert. this is very frustrating! idk if this is a knockout problem or a simple HTML one.
Such awful code!
I absolutely despise working with PDF documents. But when I absolutely have to, I have been using . It has quite a bit of functionality, , and it is theoretically free. Though to use it effectively it helps if you get the book that they push on their website. I'm not certain if you can easily make thumbnails with it, but it has worked for me in generating and manipulating PDFs on every project I've worked on so far.
In Sublime Text 2, if I press escape the page goes into COMMAND mode, which seems to take text input as commands, rather than actually typing the text. Another oddity is the VISUAL mode, and I have no idea what it does besides it seems to highlight text. I think they came installed with the theme that I got, 'soda', maybe. Anyway, I searched and found out you can turn off COMMAND mode by pressing 'i'. Regardless, both of these modes are extremely annoying, how do I get rid of them?
The problem is exact what mysql is telling you : you have too much data for one table. Not only the number of fields are counting towards them, but also their size.. But the real problem is in your database design, you have designed a table that is crying out for help : 'split me up, split me up!' You should your design ..
I'm afraid you can't!! Weka is not covering that functionality.
C is a cruel master!
@David Wallace: Yes, and it's even more sad when some guys -1 the correct answer!
Hmm I fear I've opened a Pandora's box of higher maths! I'll see if I can understand any of those articles...
@Robᵩ I really hate passing booleans into functions.
The search term on both Stackoverflow and PInvoke.net yields zero results, so this should be worth asking. I've been fiddling around on MSDN and looking through Win SDK *.h files all day, and feeling a bit out of my element. I'm basically attempting to query the MSRPC endpoint mapper with managed code. Here is what I have so far: The above code isn't complete, but it illustrates my point. The code consistently returns: RpcMgmtEpEltIngNext: 87 87 meaning Parameter is Incorrect according to . So I'm basically stumped at this point, and I'm sure it's because of my extremely crappy PInvoke code.
That's too sad :(
Why would you want to do that? Your use case sounds extremely malicious.
fails horribly for, e.g., `domain = 'http://www.google.co.uk/'`
"Error starting recording", every time. OH how I hate meaningless error messages!
What a sad answer!! Maybe I can just don't install it, and leave the hell to user.
GridView? And accept some answers, for crying out loud!
I really hate asking questions that I feel were asked a thousand times before. This is one of those questions I feel others must have encountered, , none of the supposed solutions work for me so I must be doing something wrong..... I have an extremely simple app setup. index.htm, and terms.htm. There is some textual data in test.htm. I set both and at the appropriate time after stuff has loaded. At first I tried loading terms.htm's data into an element within index using (both test and index are in the same root /assets/www/ directory, and my webview loads index oncreate) but absolutely nothing was happening. So I opted to try .ajax so that I could at least get an error message, and all I get is 'error'. Surely, it is possible to load local textual assets with JQ on DroidGap?
For various reasons Microsoft decides that some info should be kept away from developers. But people through reverse engineering find out what these reserved fields are about and produce their own documentation. Some times people guess correct. Some times Microsoft makes breaking changes, and people scream "How dare you!". And life goes on.
It is very sad :(
Currently making a java program that grabs data off of a MSAccess Database and some of these errors are extremely frustrating. I keep getting this SQL.Exception : Too few parameters. Expected 1 error on the last remaining bugs in this program. Little background on the db: It has 3 tables (A player table (11 columns), a team table (3 columns), and an Opponent table (6 columns). These are both of the functions and I am fairly certain the problem lies in here somewhere or this function
Is search and replace the only way to rename as asp control in the code behind file? I find this extremely annoying, but it is the only way I can find. Scenario: I'll find a variable that needs renaming (Usually to meet naming convention) I'll rename the variable in the aspx/ascx file. I'll have to go in the code behind files and search and replace. I get annoyed Are there any better ways - preferably that would not touch a similarly named variable in another scope in the project. I'm on VS2008 with resharper -- does VS2010 address this perhaps?
It's very painful to add multiple tickets to Trac or to have it as your own todo list. That causes people to use their own task management tools so tasks are then spread all around. Is there any plugin or macro that would quicken the process of adding a ticket?
@afr0 I'm afraid I don't understand what you mean! That example is using an ajax call when creating a ProductViewModel object to get the data.
They sure didn't @MichaelSzyndel . It's extremely frustrating. I am using the latest ver, too. I really would like to get it working properly.
Why on my "git push" command I get the following very scaring error message? I've appended the text as it appeared on my shell, the strange symbols are shown. Is my Git installation broken? My fist git clone was using https I'm using on Ubuntu 10.10 x86_64
When querying from the database using Entity Framework, what exceptions should one catch and what should be done about them? Generally I use because I have no specific action or feedback for every possible type of error, but I am constantly reminded that this is a terrible idea and that specific exceptions should be caught and handled! Example: What are the standards/guidelines for handling EF exceptions?
I am trying to override Control-Meta-Down Arrow and Control-Meta-Up Arrow in emacs. I've tried all sorts of combinations of: and: etc... but it always says: . This means it is only taking into account the . Why is it ignoring the Control?? I've been working on this for 3 hours and emacs online documentation with regards to key bindings is surprisingly absolutely terrible.
In VB.NET you can, with the keyword (I believe). But what you're trying to do seems really horrible. Just set them explicitly. It's almost exactly the same amount of code.
I kept a bitmap inside a movieClip, bitmap has been set to be smoothing. but when I changed the scale of this movieclip, it still got pixelated. Do we have the way to avoid. it is really painful.
Is packed-decimal part of the EBCDIC format, or is this just a file which happens to use both? I'm not familiar with that format, I'm afraid :(
I have been using (and loving) the jQuery intellisense for Visual Studio 2008 (blogged about by Scott Guthrie ) but has any one ever come across an intellisense script for the components of jQuery? Thanks!
This looks really useful, thanks!
You have my deepest sympathies. I feel your pain. I was trapped in that world for a while.
awesome! it works
Great question!! I'm hoping to use something like migrations with Django too.
Excellent question.
There's an RFC for how to read RFCs. Love it!
I agree - this is a very good introduction to SSAS and MDX!
Great chart! Good find.
Great, thank you, that fixed my issue!
This is great! Thanks +1
I'd really love the surrounding content to "scroll" up/down in like when using Scroll - but would also love the appropriate div to "fade" in.
I'm sure lots of people will say this by the time I've typed this but... I know it's not PHP but we're finding just the job for this kind of thing. It really is an excellent piece of software.
I have a gridview with rows that can be edited, inserted etc. I wrapped it in an updatepanel to give it an AJAX effect and update the system without reloading the page. I recently got into using jQuery and webservices for my AJAX calls and I absolutely love how it works and how fast it is. I would like to know if it is possible, and if so then how, to update my gridview using jQuery AJAX methods.
this one is great!
A great explanation! Thanks:)
I intended to post this quote. It is very true :-)
Old question, I know, but I found it while searching for a similar answer. Unless the API has changed, the reason why harpo's answer isn't working is because is an instance method, not a static method. But fear not--there's an instance of present in each instance of --the property. So in your case, if you're within a controller (or, I suspect, a view): That should do the trick!
I've got tables like this: I want to merge them like: In this new table, Name in Table.Articles will belong to Title column, because.. Articles.Name and Books.Title mean the same thing :) Any answers will be very appreciated :) Thanks
Great sample code!
Hey, I'm new to this site. I think it is great! Okay, here's the deal. I just downloaded Smule Ocarina. I was wondering how they made it so you can upload a song to the cloud. I might have an app idea that might incorporate this. How would I do this? What would I need?
There is reference information available on the MSDN website. If you want more of an introduction or tutorial, then Charles Petzold's book is excellent.
The is an excellent resource for locale data. From the website you can download an xml version of the database, which includes datetime formats, number formats, and lots of other locale specific data.
Is it possible to use some kind of attribute to throw an exception. This is what I mean. Instead of doing this: Do something like this: Any help would be greatly appreciated! Best Regards, Kiril
I can't comment (yet) so I have to add my comment this way. I thing Mr. David Murdoch's advice is the best for Opera ( ). OMG, what a lovely girl he's got btw. I've tried his approach in Opera and I succeeded basically doubling the input tags in this way: This way the 1st element is hidden but it CATCHES the display focus Opera would give to the 2nd input element instead. LOVE IT!
I'm reading about the CallContext class (). The documentation says something about "logical threads" and "Thread Local Storage". What's a logical thread, I didn't know that there existed multiple kinds of threads? What's a Thread Local Storage, is it a class or a principle of some kind? I have not been able to find it in on MSDN, but I'm sure it is there some place, so any links would be great :-)
Library independent, very nice! Although I prefer the declaration more "class" like: `function MyClassName() {};`
The documentation of jQuery is really great and not that hard to understand. http://docs.jquery.com/Main_Page
Almost works. You have to seek to one less then write a byte, otherwise you still end up with a 0B file. Still very helpful, thanks! Correct Syntax too. If you want to edit, the extra line you need is OutFile.WriteByte(0);
I did some research on this a few years ago (2005 I believe) and I liked JNBridgePro as the best third party product to do this. Check it out here Good luck!
I have a piece of JSON string, which I want to parse in Erlang. It looks like: I looked at mochijson2, and a couple of other JSON parsers, but I really could not figure out how to do it. Any help greatly appreciated!
Very nice articles!
Version 2 of contains a debugger. And it works awesome! It is still in very early stages, but have helped me several times. Just watch out for bugs! :)
If it has a lot of cup holders, that'd be awesome, too!
Mika Tuupola: If you are Interested in my modified jeditable (added two callback events), you can . It would be great if you would provide these events in your official version of jeditable! Here is my (simplified) integration code. I use the events for more then just for the hover effect. It's just one usecase.
Holy (*&^. I just looked at the jquery solution: add a hidden element to the DOM containing every conceivable tag and then reverse engineer the geometry conventions. The web is truly amazing place!
Awesome solution Binod, works perfectly! This was a lifesaver, thanks so much.
Good luck with your image processing adventures! I found it very fulfilling on a technical level when I was in that area :)
Your library should be named , with symlinks of and both pointing to that. The library should be created using in the linker command line (or on the gcc command line). Hope that helps!
Thanks all for the great responses!! All of these worked
A List Apart is a great site, I recommend it heavily! I've also used this article in the past: http://www.websiteoptimization.com/speed/tweak/forms/
Excellent handle :)
I'm using Rob Con's repository pattern also - absolutely love it. But i'm not worrying about concurrency checks. I load the most recent object, then update the fields the submitchanges. I would look at seeing if you could use the Attach and/or timestamps. It's been a while since i've looking into linq + concurrency.
I've handled the 404 by doing this in the global.asax file Now, if anyone can help me with the google widget that would be great!
We are currently using PDE to automatically build features and our complete product. It works quite well. Make sure you use the right script for product build or feature build. EDIT: We've now migrated to , which has an excellent command line interface.
Does this look like it should work? I'm wanting to generate directions from one latitude/longitude to another latitude/longitude. The map loads fine, but the directions don't come in. I've tried it this way too: Same thing... map but no directions. Any help is greatly appreciated, thank you in advance!
@acidzombie24: My pleasure! :)
Couldn't agree more about TextPad being an excellent editor (my personal favourite). However, whilst it does search over multiple files (and very quickly at that) it doesn't do search and replace over multiple files.
Awesome! Thank you!
Excellent, the selected bit was very useful.
So, if I try to remove elements from a Java HashSet while iterating, I get a ConcurrentModificationException. What is the best way to remove a subset of the elements from a HashSet as in the following example? Here is a solution, but I don't think it's very elegant: Thanks!
loved your line NSIndexPath *indexPath = [NSIndexPath indexPathForRow:0 inSection:1];. +1 for you ;)
Here's the king daddy of database wiping scripts. It will clear all tables and reseed them correctly: Enjoy, but be careful!
Great comment! In my case it doesn't get larger than 64bit, but it is still interesting, what to do if it does? Why should I use "double" in such case?
I'm writing a kernel (2.6.28) module that uses a dynamic timer. I'm using the timer_list structure as follows: This works ok for about 2 seconds until the timer expires. Then the system crashes. I've also tried something like this with the same result: Any help would be greatly appreciated!
That's great! Thanks a lot for the tip!
+1 for calling out the binding method.
Although I didn't technically end up escaping the dot, your suggestion actually did make me realize another alternative. While wondering how I would "pass" the escape code to the "SQL" server, it dawned on me: Why not use a "SQL Pass-Through Query" instead of an ODBC linked table? Since I only need read access to the SQL Server data, it works fine! Thanks!
Why is this getting downvoted? He got the terms IDE and compiler mixed up, but it's still an excellent question. He wants to know if Sun makes an official IDE, like Microsoft does with their Express products.
Im wondering how to parse a url into an URL object(of some kind) in C. So that I would be able to extract key/val objects from a querystring. Have looked at: And several other resources, even Google Code, but haven't found anything in my taste.. And no, using sscanf, and regex is not an alternative. Saying, unless I have to write my own parser.. Would be greatful for any tips or help on where I could find this!
And it fits with MVVM. +1
@knatten - Great Idea! Please update the table at the end :)
I made a template in my wiki called Template:quote, which contains the following content: Then I can use the template in a page, e.g., {{quote|a little test}} Works pretty well - Thanks!
I can't find anything on google. This question is the last hope!
It's the answer to another question, but it was very helpful for me!
I'm really glad it worked! Btw, the best way to show appreciation on Stack Overflow if someone helps to solve your problem is to upvote their answer and mark it as solved :)
Few things to make this work :Your classname FILE should start with a capital letter, Your config array must be defined as $config = array() (and not $var or any other name), Your config file must be lowercase.The config file is passed through the constructor, so class ($config=array()), you can then access and store the config variables on an instance variable. hope it helps: config file : good luck :)
Edited my post. Hope it helps; and feel free to keep asking questions!
I am looking to have an embedded youtube video with several images below it that correspond to different youtube videos. I want to set it up so that when an image is clicked on, the video above changes to whichever video corresponds with the clicked image. An implementation of this can be seen here: I am trying to implement this into a wordpress site and I really only have skill in HTML and CSS. I would very greatly appreciate if someone could help me with the code for this!
First: I like your approach of being concentrated on a clean and proper state handling of your application.Excellent! But, as you said: Android can kill activities and manage their lifecycle for itself. The OS may release memory allocated for your activity as soon as possible requiring you to allocate it again. This means your fragment may or may not get destroyed. As you can see in your stack trace, FragmentActivity.onCreate is called.This obviously inddicates your existing resources created within the context of the old activity are not access - able anymore. The only context that is guaranted to exist through your application lifecycle is the application context. For all other resources you should be aware and handle properly that created resources may be invalid at the time you are trying to access them.
Very annoying, but simply solved! Reason is that by writing you tell ruby: I'm giving a block to this method call... And that's obviously not what you want. Simple fix: just add parentheses to your method call:
I'm just getting my feet wet with multiprocessing(and its totally awesome!), but I was wondering if there was any guidelines to selecting number of processes? Is it just based on number of cores on the server? Is it somehow based on the application your running(number of loops, how much cpu it uses,etc)? etc...how do I decide how many processes to spawn? Right now, I'm just guessing and add/removing processes but it would be great if there was some kind of guideline or best practice. Another question, I know what happens if I add too few(program is slooow) but what if I add 'too many'? Thanks!
Never knew about VS macros. It's awesome!!! Just what I need in a couple scenarios. Thanks a lot
Wow, you guys reply quickly! I'm having a hard time following up here :)
You have to created a new model for hold referral code. below are given model syntax. add These lines in your last lines your models.py Above mention line will create your user profile at the time of creating user.Hope this work for you!!!
I just use following code right now. The table is MyISAM 90MB. terms has FULLTEXT INDEX and it is varchar(255). There are 1,000,000 rows on the table. I wonder if there is any solution which is more resource usage friendly than fulltext search on MySQL? Especially in terms of memory. By saying solution, I refer to any solution such as other types of databases, table structures etc. and if the solution would be adaptable to a standart VPS or hosting in general, it would be extremely super duper perfect! Thanks for your time!
that's great too! awesome. thank you!
Link works fine!
If you are on 11g you are in Luck :-) you can Use SELECT FOR UPDATE SKIP LOCKED in the Cursor - then you are guaranteed that two threads will never get the same row on a fetch!The RIGHT WAY to do this in Oracle would be Advanced Queueing - since this will solve ALL YOUR PROBLEMS, provides synchronization und parallel execution and other benefits...Before Oracle 11 and without Advanced Queuing (if you really want to code it yourself...) You can do it like this:(The bits marked with autonomous transaction have to be called in a separate method as an autonomous transaction. If the Update returns 0 Rows it can either be because the table is empty, or because two threads accessed the same row. - So we need a separate ending condition counting available rows.
I've added to my answer to show a "code once and still be scalable" way of defining your font sizes. Good luck with your project!
found a solution, would still love to see alternatives!
WOW people THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR ANSWERS!!!! (bow)
Wow! Actually, that's nearly what @MarkSeemann wrote, but in code :) Hope that helps.
I stumbled upon this site and really loved the way they have done the navigation on the left hand site. I noticed that site is using jquery but didnt see any plugins. Any ideas on how to go about doing this?
its a very weird behaviour!
updated the answer. This might help you! Great! then you might want to edit the java program and have the permission specified while the folder is created did you try chmod with 777 permission via terminal or php?
I have no clue if this approach would be feasible or not, but then there are two things you could try:1.Create a singleton class where you and the arraylist. The class might look like this: To access the list you could write: is the name of the getter method and before getting it set it. Else you might get .Also a receiver might start before the list is filled. So always check for null before you use it.2.The other option is you store the list in a cache object like Check for even in this case in the broadcast receiver before using it.Hope that helps!
You have at wrong place, that must be in element, so You should try like : Referred from Here Hope it will help you!
Awesome!!! I changed to include the "/" at beginning and it worked!! was that why it was not matching the app.yaml handlers ?
I know that there is a Item.RoleAssignments.Remove command but I have not found a way to list out all the current assigned groups so I could loop through and remove them. Hope this helps you guys!
Oops! Yeah, that was just radio functionality heh. It turns out this isn't as straightforward as I thought. Give me a few minutes and I think I can fix it.
Great! I Will take a look later. Cheers.
I have just read and I really loved to the question. Naturally, an interesting question popped in my head... How to add my own events (of my own applications) in the Control Panel -> Sounds and Audio Devices -> Sounds -> Program Events? And another related question, that I suppose should be answered here as well is... How do I play those sounds specified in the Control Panel, when the event in my application occurs?
I have a .dll file and the .lib file for it. The DLL talks to an electronic key reader, and allows you to read/write the key ID. This is the only documentation that comes with: I have never used DLL before and really have no idea how I am supposed to use it in a C program. I really have no idea what do past this: If someone could show me an example how how to get DevicePresent and how to use WriteKeyId I would be very greatful!
I have an old friend who is a mathematician. He has his own math to compress his formulas, which are incredibly beautiful. He works in a program called Mathematica, which transforms the formulas for 3D-shapes. I wonder if it is possible to obtain these figures using Canvas and JavaScript? See attached formula and figure. I know little of this myself. But I would be delighted if some one could show me an example.
What is the problem? Create additional page and add it to WP, insert code there, and make an output page whatever you want. If you know PHP it will take you 15 min.
I would just use an @import command at the top of my CSS file, then you can simply add a new font by adding a pipeline to the end of the font and type the name of any other fonts you want. To use them, simply use the CSS font-family style command: HTML Hope this helped!
Hope it works, if you can upvote my answer I'd really appreciate it! :)
I found an excellent tutorial on how to create site columns and content types - here : (THANKS AGAIN ROB!) Does anyone know of a written or video tutorial that will explain how to create a list and list instance in MOSS 2007. I use WSP Builder, and the build in templates from Microsoft aren't compatible (or up to the task). Preferably a method that focuses on the CAML (xml) , and explains in detail the theory, and demonstrates how it is done. Thank you.
Thanks all , that was really interesting :)
Sure play around it, WP is easy it will just take a bit of time to get used to the structure .
i get it! i guess you are right
That is great news!
You are very welcome! Learn programming, it's a lot of fun!
I added an example of how to use the wrapText function. Good luck with your project!
Great article 0xced, thanks!
If you read the FB.init documentation, there are some parameters that can be used while defining . One of the parameter is which- Determines whether XFBML tags used by social plugins are parsed, and therefore whether the plugins are rendered or not. Defaults to false.You said that in case of pure javascript the like plugin worked that's beacause you must have set to . To get your jquery code to work simply define this paramter to true which is false by default- and it shall work. Good luck!
No worries and good luck with it! ;)
Am a beginner in using Ember i am working on a template for my site and when i put the TEMPLATE code in a handlebar it's not working but if i remove it form the handlebar it works, meaning i have linked the correct JS and Css files needed. Am posting the index.html and App.js please assistance would be great :) :) INDEX.HTML APP.JS GitHub is here for the file..... Thanks Loads Shei
It looks it, which makes moving away from it all the more painful!
I'm trying to open a different ajax modal for each table row clicked. So I did this: That, however doesn't work - while this does: If anyone could please point me in the right direction I would be extremely happy :)) Thanks everyone!:)
This is excellent!
Thank you! That's extremely helpful!
I would like to implement the same type of functionality as this application: When a user selects a table view cell, the cell animates to fill the entire screen and reveals a new view while animating. I have been trying to find information on how to do this but can't quite seem to find any good resources. How can I accomplish this? Even just an idea of what to properly google search will be extremely helpful!
No worries! I've done the same thing many times on SO.
Hi there, I just moved from C#/C++ to JavaScript last night, and am loving it! I've just come across some behavior that I don't understand, wondering if anyone can shed some light on it? When I call this script, I'm getting the expected alert box showing '5.5', however after that box is closed I get another alert simply showing "undefined", can anyone shed any light on this? Code below: Many thanks
I recently moved from a Mac + Textmate back to Visual Studio. The one thing I absolutely loved about textmate was it's find/search feature. It made navigating solution files so easy. Is there an equivalent shortcut/addon for Visual Studio?
Is this visual studio specific or all c++ projects behave this way? Why??
I am wondering.. is tree view/navigation possible to do (and somewhat easily) in XForms given a XML data structure? If it is possible, where can I find a really excellent example (code and hopefully a working form to view)? Also, are there any tips you have for implementing this? (I'm new to XForms, and only know the basics so far) Thanks so much!
I'm quite new to emacs (and I'm loving it), I've been using the align-regexp quite alot however I can't wrap my head around how to do this: Un-aligned code comment: I want to align it so that it looks like this: My knowledge goes as far as doing M-x align-regexp RET := RET which yields this: Thanks in advance!
@catsby is correct -- you'll want to use the to do this. SIDENOTE: Heroku's platform API is actually incredibly awesome. You can use it to scale dynos, set variables, provision / deprovision addons, etc.
I don't think there are any mature components too (for what I saw). You can use some dedicated DHTML components, like . We use it a lot in our project for our customers, and it's really great !
It's a progress bar! :) Setting makes it a rotating circle rather than a classic progress bar. There are several different styles you can use. Play around with them to find the one you like :) Hope this helps!
I'm trying to apply route filter to a specific url. So, my file is under public directory: My filter: Finally my pattern: If I try to access the rule does not work. I can see whole contents of file. If I try to acess the filter works great. Because there is no file which named under the directory. Any help would be really great!
I use Grunt to run my unit tests without assert modules, i just log what i need with grunt and use my "custom" coditions to check the variables's states and values. I was thinking about using mocha with grunt, but i am trying to find out how it will really change something when i run my tests. How my tests will be more valuable using mocha (for example) ? Regarding the success of these tools, i feel like i am missing something in their utility. If someone could explain to me how and when they are usefull, it would be really great !
excellent, just found "randomize" in the documentation! perfect: {:data => @json, :options => { :do_clustering => true, randomize: true} }) %>
Worked really great! Thanks a ton!
I'm trying to allow multiple clients to connect to a host using select. Will I have to connect each one, tell them to move to a different port, and then reconnect on a new port? Or will select allow me to connect multiple clients to the same port? This is the client code: This is the server code: Any help would be excellent! Thanks.
The rendering issue has been fixed in IE11. No need to worry!
Got it: I need to reference the class types through the createjs module. i.e. works absolutely fine!
Ive made a simple android quiz and would like to display the question count ID within the layout(The questions will be randomly selected). For example on the bottom of the layout it might say "Q6". Currently the layout only shows the questions, possible answers and a next button. Would I need to change the java class and the layout? Any suggestions would be really great! Thank you!! Here is the question class:
That worked excellent! How can I make my X-axis go longer to right so it makes the chart bigger?
Try replacing... with.. Best of luck, hope that helps!
Excellent - thanks !
This is a really great DBGrid ! Just give it a try, you will not regret it.
If you would like to switch to different network operators - The answer is No, you are not able to do that programmatically. There is no API that supports that. If you want to switch to different wireless networks the answer is Yes, read post. If you would like to check for different kinds of connectivity states - Look . Good luck, hope this helped!
Excellent! Did you know that you can answer your own question and accept it as **the** answer. This is considered a good practice, because it helps people looking for answers see that there is an answer and it helps them find the answer. If the answer is only in comments, the question will appear unanswered.
I think that solution is now ready. Here's the code: David Wasser you are extremely helpful, thanks!
Excellent answer!! my vote is +
No worries, and +1 to your answer!
Here is an answer to a similar question: It's a complex workaround, but looks working pretty fine!
BTW - your article on "the Math behind Transforms" is an excellent read - very helpful indeed!
Excellent, thank you! I don't know when we are going to upgrade but that's a good reason to I guess.
Excellent explanation! +1 for you Sir
Excellent approach!
Excellent thanks!
@Kevin Oh, excellent! I see now that it's a fairly obvious answer, but that tool is perfect. Thanks!
No worries, main thing is your problem gets solved!
Have a look at . I've tried to get my "MSN Invite contacts" function working right now and that's what I've found this far. Works excellent!
Yeah... I'm not a huge fan. Their documentation, tutorials, and guides are pretty nice. Here's the guide: https://parse.com/docs/ios_guide#top/iOS Here's the documentation: https://parse.com/docs/ios/api/ Here's the video tutorial for PFQueryTableView: https://parse.com/tutorials/parse-query-table (A little dated but very nice) Hope this helps! :)
Please see: for an excellent fix! Much easier to implement and more versatile than the answer above.
I downloaded and read Rails As She Is Spoke, what an excellent book, thanks for the recommendation!
Is there a way to pattern match in F# so that it will check to see if both elements in a two element tuples are equal. I'm incredibly new to F#, and also new to the whole concept of Pattern Matching in general. I was thinking something along the lines of... But I guess that would be too easy hah. Any suggestions? Or is there even a way to do that? Thanks for your help, you guys are incredibly helpful!
This is incredibly useful, thank you!
+1 excellent ! I was searching it for hours...
David: +1. For a second I thought they may have been passing a `Furious Neanderthal`, or something, to Word!
I'm wondering how Boxcar works, anybody knows? I know how to do the push notification from server to iPhone, but I have no clue of how to create the server to get the @reply and dm from twitter in real time. Any suggestion on what I should look into to create the server? Should I use Twitter's streaming API or User Streams API? Any sample code, in PHP preferably, will be great :) Thanks!
thnx man, it works really good, awesome stuff !!!
Works awesome :) Thank You!
I personally use for my company and have had great luck with it! Edit oops, I didn't notice the SVN requirement, BaseCamp can help with the other stuff.
Have you looked into creating a plugin with waffle? From the waffle guys if should be possible to create a module using the servlet filter code. That would be a pretty awesome module for Play! I'll look into it when I get some spare time. https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!topic/waffle-users/Q9aRPJitP6g
No upvotes? I'll give you the first one!! Excellent domain issue regarding these kind of apps!
Two excellent answers, thank you! I chose Andrew's primarily because I learned a bit more about knockout from it, but both are good options. I'd use RP's method to get something to use in a more generic "anything can be chosen" scenario, but I think making it a single object is probably a better fit for my uses.
Raymond Chen has a really excellent blog post on this:
