Text
This has nothing to do with but everything to do with the absolutely awful markup of your HTML and the lack of . You're going to want to wrap all of this "free-text" inside of a or two, and then make sure you're putting the inside of the Sample CSS: HTML:
Same server, i'm using phpMyAdmin and its being a pain saying i'm not using it the right context!?
yes I'm having the exact same issue, very annoying!
This is a method in Java, that(when k == 0) in int[] arr has one of k-combination int[] intems. In variable iloczyn is calculated product of elements in this combination. In tmp is calculated sum of all such products. Unfortunately, System.out.println(tmp) shows, that when function ends, tmp equals 0. This is very sad, because i need this variable for next calculations. What shoud I do?
@PabloB. sir, this is sad :(
I'm going crazy guys, my labels are not updated in my views after running "" and ""! This is what I tried so far: make sure there is no "" strings around in PO files delete MO files relaunch and delete all . files in my project delete browser cache change browser drop the local database and launch synchdb shout to the monitor the commands I launch are the following: Is there any sort of Django caching mechanism related to compiled MO files that I have to empty? What can I do? I'm really furious! -_-'
I have a Django application built in our shop and currently we are moving to production that will run a apache web server. The application will run on multiple webservers Due to load issues. Now, I'm really worried since it's running multiple webservers. Issue - The application generates unique ids for session management and maintains it locally. Now, if a user goes to webservers-a and creates A unique id and then in the next request goes to webservers-b he will be invalidated because the unique id created for him will be local to webservers-a. How can I fix this issue?
@Kolink Oh, I hate Facebook for many more reasons!
This seems fairly trivial but is giving me hella grief! I have a module in the lib folder. The controller. config/Application.rb And I get this error I know the module is loaded correctly. What am I doing wrong?
Beat Detection looks incredibly complicated :(
You're right edited. Sad fact! :(
It'll work, it is just incredibly annoying and spy-ware-esque.
I've changed the color scheme on sublime text 2 and I really hate the colors it changed to. So what is the name of the default settings? Because I want to change it back to the standard.
Have created a module in DotNetNuke 7. Have made changes on my local test version which has created several rows in the database. I then copied these rows into the live database but they dont appear in the live version of the module. Have tried clearing the cache through host settings and restarting the application and it still won't show new rows. Have even tried setting cache settings to non-specified and still won't load new rows. Is there a way I can completely reset and get it find the new rows. This is an extremely irritating feature.
I'm calling onto some code that returns me an HTTP response. I can get the contents of the response which returns me a byte array. The bytes represent a zip file that I would like to extract and get the contents of a single file (the zip only contains one file). Currently I have some messy code (I'll need to clean it up if I keep it) that seems to work: but was wondering whether there was a cleaner way to do the same thing because the above looks incredibly ugly.
It's technically possible to achieve this in T-SQL with nested loops and embedded queries. All hugely ugly in T-SQL. Far easier to do it in a language that's more general purpose.
I'm trying to debug my application and from the point I fire it up on the iPad, it will get killed by timeout before it ever reaches FinishedLaunching() (I have abreakpoint there)! Here' swhat I see in the output panel. All this takes almost 20s. If I run the app in RELEASE build it randomly gets stuck. I hit a button and the delegate gets caled half a minute later. What is going on? In the Simulator it is all okay.
I have been trying to use OfflineAudioContext and the FFT analyzer in chrome with a script processor but I am running into the same issue that this person has: In that SO answer, someone pointed out this bug report: but it is over a year old! My questions are: does anyone know if this will be fixed anytime soon and should I file a bug elsewhere? Is that bug report (that is a year old) still being looked at? Or better yet, maybe someone knows a workaround? My code is essentially the same as the jsfiddle on that SO link. It's really sad that this stuff doesn't work in chrome but it does in Firefox.
In the end the answer was - yes - indeed. It was simply a delay between me adding my google test account and it actually being recognised as such :@! Google should have a warning about this - in-app billing is a complete nightmare to code!
I'm very worried about the following screen. When i launch "Instruments" in Allocations mode, i see every image of my app adding to "Living". I really don't understand how it could be possible...
I guess I could do that. It's just a pain when in Microsoft Word I can hold down shift and drag to do this, but I can't in Visual Studio!
So I have also ran into this problem. I have found a solution(it's terrible, be warned!) Open Unity and load your solution in MonoDevelop 4.0.1 (older version you can set the target framework more easily) Navigate to your project directory and open "Assembly-CSharp-vs" in notepad. Change the line "TargetFrameworkVersion" v3.5 to "TargetFrameworkVersion" v4.0 You will have to do these steps every time you load Unity(blah) but it does work.
I was getting the same error when I tried to submit a version update from the Organizer. What solved my issue was using the Application Loader found in the directory /Developer/Applications/Utilities. You'll need to compress your .app file and send the corresponding .zip file. I used this for my initial submission as well, I just thought I'd try the new way. What a pain! Go with Application Loader.
Too slow and I prefer to operate in the same mode as my users. Also, I just really hate switching to debug. And its a waste of diskspace.
$('li:nth-child(3), li:nth-child(4)').insertAfter('ul').wrapAll('')You can't "break a list". You can either A) remove it and replace it with two lists B) extract some elements to make another list with. The following is terrible terrible practice, but then again so is what you're asking...
Android camera stuff is extremely frustrating, I understand that. Make sure to read through all of the and check out this code below referenced from :
Ternary gets _extremely_ ugly if you're using more than one else statement, I wouldn't recommend it at all, let alone in this situation.
@btevfik..thats very sad:(
From netstat -anp | grep I at two different times, I can see HttpClient is not re-using my connections. I connect to the same host every time with different urls such as Why is HttpClient not just re-using the same connection to myhost.com every time? I have the following code for intialization of the Pool that I pass to HttpClient... I see they are using an HttpRoute and have localAddress in the equals which seems odd as HttpRoute should be equal on just hostname and schema(https/http) and that is it, right? Does that have something to do with it? Is this a bug? Performance is very crappy having to re-establish https sockets every time!!!!!
is defined on the document and you might not even have a variable (it's a property of , not of ). Change to But you must learn how to spot those bugs, by which lists errors. And using is a terribly painful way to track your bugs, use .
I have a VB.NET MDI WinForms app. My users have been complaining about form creep (as they call it), this is where each time you open a specific form within the main MDI window it opens slightly below and to the right of the location it loaded previously - i.e. it starts in the top left of the window and works its way down to the bottom right. I have to agree with them that this is extremely irritating, is there any way to prevent this? The code to load the forms is: I can address this somewhat by setting the forms start-up positions to 'Manual' but then they just open directly on top of each other in the top left of the screen. Any other SO users come across this?
I'm using this practice to add comments using AJAX , by sending the data to an ASP.NET Handler which collect the information and then insert the comment, but I am afraid that any one could use it , am I wrong !?
It's the most ugly :( :( :(
**I HATE GIT !! What a crazy command line syntax**
There is no TCP multicast, I'd vote this down, but I don't have enough reputation.
Based mostly on , but also , and my own experience, I don't think it's possible without a lot of ugliness, pain or without converting your LINQ to SQL code generation over to (not appealing, IMO).
Horrible discovering !!!!
Nope... doesn't fix it I'm afraid!
Now I think it is not possible in c++ (without explicitly qualifying the namespace), it's so sad :(
I have this script and been breaking my head on trying to change it so that instead of cropping the center part of the image it will crop from the top to the $height sent to the function, any help will be extremely great:
You can't move the cursor with JavaScript. It would be incredibly annoying anyways.
I am currently scripting Blender right now but it's excruciatingly slow for large models.
I'm completely horrible with javascript and jquery, How do I get the content from a PHP file?
@GabrielePetronella I missed that link, I hate how stackoverflow removes the underline! Are you running it on a server or file protocol?
It is incredibly frustrating that Outlook does not preserve the timestamp when you export. I have no idea why they decided to omit that.
I don't want this to be the answer, (sob)!
@CarlNorum: That would be extremely annoying, given that the above is well-defined C89...
Yuck, I really hate that option 2. But option 1 is the way to do it. +1 for option 1.
Consider the following example: In the above example, inside filterOccupied I have to use four for matching type. This becomes really painful when the records has more than ten fields. Is there a better way to do this ?
The objective of my endeavour is to have a linux computer execute a command (or maybe a local script - on the target) over a local network. Ideally, I would use SSH to do this but unfortunately my embedded target is running WinCE which is absolutely horrible. To do this, I would require an SSH server running on WinCE. I looked into the OpenSSH port but it doesn't work and development for that stalled six years ago. To wrap up, I am looking for an alternative solution to using SSH on WinCE. So, any ideas?
You could use an incredibly ugly workaround and set a form full of hidden fields to submit when you click a link. I really wouldn't recommended it though.
@JJ That was the mistake JJ. Plain Oversight and extremely ridiculous.
I'm trying to bake my controllers but I keep getting the following error: It's making me frightfully sad, has anyone ever come across this?
It's a command-line tool. Unforunately Xcode doesn't use CodeSense for editing files outside a project, which is incredibly frustrating.
I have just about finished adding all of the content to each page of my website. I've noticed, however, when I navigate between links some of the pages shift to the right about 10 px or so. This is extremely irritating. All of my pages are contained within the same container using a fluid grid. However, not all pages have the same amount of content. I noticed that pages with empty divs don't shift when I navigate between them. However, if I navigate from a page with content to a page with little or no content, I see the shift. Should this be happening if all of my pages are using the same container, same fluid grid? Does this make sense? Can you sense my desperation?
Oh God, I remember this, it was absolutely horrible. Worse, I can't remember how to fix it offhand.
This makes me very, very sad.
Our QA team uses HP Quality Center for defect tracking, test plans, etc. The dev team really detests Quality Center and wants to use JIRA for internal task tracking. Can these two systems work seamlessly together? I have worked on projects where 2 teams used separate issue-tracking systems and keeping them in sync was a major headache. Anyone have real-world experience integrating Quality Center and JIRA?
No `.vimrc` comes first :( and I really hate to modify plugins...
After installing Node, fresh installation of Yeoman throws several warnings. Command Warnings I am not sure, whether I should be worried about these warnings or just ignore them! Either ways I want to understand the reason behind getting these warnings.
I'm trying to pull in tagged photos of the current logged in profile. Got a session ID but it appears it's an empty array. I'm aware this code is probably really awful, I'm new to PHP and just trying a few things.
That code is absolutely horrendous.
How absolutely terrible you can't set controls not to show up on the print
is it not by default ? if yes , then it is really horrible...
Yes, same happened to me ... sometimes defines can be really horrible.
I'm trying to compile code that I know to be working on other peoples' machines but is throwing a particular error on my system. Specifically the error relates to the printf() method The method printf(String, Object[]) in the type PrintStream is not applicable for the arguments (String, double) For instance Does anyone know why this error is cropping up? There are alternatives to using printf(), but this is very annoying!
Just .net 4 I'm afraid :/
Visual studio crashes as soon as I open aspx or ascx View from MVC 2.0 project. If I delete all bin and obj folders from projects, I can open aspx and ascx View page. But it crashes again after compiling. It started to crash after I moved strong typed model to different project. I got stuck and cannot go further, really frustrated! I'm using Visual staudio 2008 Sp1. MVC 2.0, Window xp sp3. .NET 3.5 sp1. Anyone can help?
Did you ever solve this problem? I've just come across it and it's really annoying, especially because my video doesn't even have audio!
I would be extremely shocked if this was possible.
I know it's just example code, but I really hope your `manager` and `staff` class names are not really lower-case!
That's a terrible soution actually!
JLists don't offer a method for this, and that's very sad. Do you know how to do it?
XCode 5.0 Console Not Showing After Exiting App and Reopening. I put a simple NSLog in the next screen that I push to and there is no logging of it in my console. This makes it a pain to debug! I segue from one screen to a tabbar controller, if that helps? Has anyone encountered this issue?
I have an Android app that looks absolutely horrible if the user sets their font size to large or extra large (via Settings -> Display -> Font size in Ice Cream Sandwich). It just plain wasn't designed for variable font sizes, and it makes a lot of the text unreadable. I've seen applications that preserve the font size for most views, so I know that there has to be a way to do this. Is there a simple way for me to tell the application to ignore the user's font size preference? And if there isn't, how would you suggest that I go about calculating the font sizes? If nothing else, is there a way for me to retrieve the user's font size preference?
Nobody answers here..sad!!!
I recommend VirtualBox. Every time I use VPC I soon give up because the performance is terrible. I run VirtualBox with a Vista virtual PC allocated 1.5gb ram and it runs really well. In fact I don't really notice much slow down from running natively.
Indeed, this is awful. A pity there is no option to change it. Every other IDE/editor I used opened tabs to the right.
How does one make M-( the default behavior for typing an opening "(" character? I want Emacs to automatically insert the closing ")" after the cursor when I type a "(" character regardless of whether it's part of an M-key combination. Additionaly, I want to extend this behavior to quotes, subquotes, brackets and braces. Typing M-( is a pain, and there don't appear to be any comparable forms for those other characters.
I abhor debugging a `forEach` loop. Step in, step out. It's so much easier to just debug a `for` loop;
I for checking whether the function exists yet. In summary: Does that work for you? If it does then you can just wrap in a loop. A bit less nasty than a setTimeOut!
I've seen this bug in resharper 4.1. It happens when the base class is in the App_Code directory. Don't know how to fix it, very annoying, code still compiles though.
-1 This is due to omitting "var" before "a" making it global and is unrelated to the question.
Wide lines are a #@$# in most diff'ing tools as well, which can make code reviews a pain.
Ugh, indecent exposure of mod_rewrite should be a crime. Put a bathrobe on it, or something.
Malice? Seriously though, it's hard to account for formatting style sometimes. It's largely a matter of personal taste. Personally, I think that both forms are a little nasty unless you're seriously restricted in terms of line-length.
this is a problem that regularly arises when I write Silverlight XAML. In this case, I've made a usercontrol VerticalTabStop (code attached) that has a ToolTip attached. I instanciate a couple of my usercontrols, and then I get the debugging window and the following error: I get an awful lot of these messages as I hover my mouse over the buttons. Any suggestions to what I'm doing wrong here? Cheers
Stackoverflow has horrible formatting for vbs :(
Can anyone think of a quick, easy and fullproof way of listing only ClearCase Remote Client views from UNIX? ct lsview obviously lists all the views, and you could search by looking at the Properties: section if you run a ct lsview -properties -full (gives you Properties: snapshot webview readwrite) then use a regex or something, but I'd be worried that someone calls their view 'webview' or something. Has anyone got a foolproof way? Am I missing a flag or something? If only there was -fmt on lsview :S
In vc++6.0 MFC Application Project , I will not get the compile Error , but when i run the project i will get the error Debug Assertion Failed! program:project.exe File:winocc.cpp Line:345 For information on how your program can cause an assertion failure, see the Visual C++ documentation on asserts. (Press Retry to debug the application) what Error it is and why this type of error occurs, how to debug this error, plz help any body,
We have a 3-tier web application written in ASP.Net Webforms where we will not be able to port it - recession really sucks! - to MVC. Our goal is to implement a plugin architecture. One way would be to use the App_Code folder. Are there any better alternatives?
but i'm afraid the cacheobject would get gc'ed not the data it caches.
I have an .ico file with 5 icon sizes embedded in it being used as the main application icon and the System Tray icon. When it shows up in the task bar the icon is using the 16x16 format which is desired. When the icon shows up in the Notification Area/System tray, it is using the 32x32 format and Windows is rendering it down to a 16x16 icon, which looks horrible. How do I force windows to use the 16x16 icon size in the notification area? Here's my code to put the icon in the system tray:
that's an awful lot of swapping hold and pattern spaces...
I'm developing a propietary (non Open Source) Web Application in ASP.NET, and I want to use the Look And Feel of Joomla (images, control distribution, etc.). Is this illegal? I'm violating the license doing this?
The fact that this is even remotely possible in JavaScript scares me.
I wondered if it's possible to set the editor windows tab width in eclipse. I hate it when I want to close several windows in a row and I always have to move the mouse. Can I set eclipse to use only ONE width for every window tab?
Pity you haven't said what you are monitoring for. You should decide whether 15 seconds is ok or not. Feel free to drop it way lower if you wish (and have a fast HDD) No worries unless you are running a soft real-time system Have a look at tools suggested in other answers. I'll add another sugestion: "iotop", for answering a "who is thrashing the HDD" questions.
Ran into this myself. Very annoying limitation IMO.
writing a stream manipulator is a very complicated way of doing something very simple!
I have an existing javascript/flash -interaction kludge that sucks terribly. Now I've decided it'd be better to write a flash app that does the specific thing without the need to interact with javascript. Therefore I'd need to produce flash apps in linux, and I don't have money to throw at adobe right now (perhaps never if their software keeps being terrible). Also not going to do software development on windows, have been there, conclusion: that's not going to work well ever. So, any solutions? Free or open source?
This is sad. 2010 and VCPROJ files have to be maintained by hand so the revision control system doesn't whack it out.
This is probably silly but very frustrating. Using VS2008 with a C++ project, when I'm working normally, the breakpoints window is visible and active but when I'm debugging it disappears and can't be shown. This is a problem if I want to edit the condition of a breakpoint while running. Pressing the breakpoints window button doesn't do anything and neither does pressing Ctrl+Alt+B Does this happen to anybody else? It's a brand new install with Visual Assist and QT integration as extensions. same configuration with VS2005 doesn't have any problems.
That was a terrible article, it started out right, Fisher-Yates/Knuth shuffle, then goes horribly wrong by trying to randomly order using guid as a source of randomness. Don't waste your time and just read the Wikipedia article on Fisher-Yates or use a library that implements shuffle correctly.
I'm afraid I can't really accept an answer here as it turns out that it can't really be done, without using a workaround, which I didn't want to do. Sorry!
FYI: When C or C++ say "undefined" they usually mean "crash" or "memory corruption" or something equally terrible. Beware.
Is there a sensible way to group Long UTC dates by Day? I would Mod them by 86400 but that doesn't take leap seconds into account. Does anyone have any other ideas, I'm using java so I could parse them into Date Objects, but I'm a little worried of the performance overhead of using the date class. Also is there a more efficient way than comparing the year month and day parts of a Date object?
I do hate the plain id name. I strongly prefer to always use the invoice_id or a variant thereof. I always know which table is the authoritative table for the id when I need to, but this confuses me What's worst of all is the mix you mention, totally confusing. I've had to work with a database where almost always it was foo_id except in one of the most used ids. That was total hell.
When running graphics based programs in Python for S60 (PyS60) the error messages and the output of the print statement (i.e. stdout) are hidden. If due to an error application stops working as expected its lost and tracking down the bug is very difficult, sometimes require running a "second stripped version" of the code. This is obviously painful. How do I log those errors to a file, so that I may see them later.
I hate it too. But did you stop to think why i wanted to do this instead of just assuming im an idiot? Its a small personal site, not a money maker. Rebuilt it to learn a new technology. Not bothered 301ing pages to their new versions. So instead trying to get some value to the homepage.
Don't use it. I hate std::pair exactly for this reason. You never know which is which, and since access to first and second are public you can't enforce contracts either. But after all, it's a matter of taste.
That link is full of horrible advice.
Lotus Notes....aaaaargh!
Yeah - my solution to this was to limit IE users - they can only select a tiny subset of the rows and columns that FX and Chrome users can. Even then IE8 only just copes with maybe 25 cells (5x5 grid), 7 and 6 remain hopeless. It brings back memories of late 90s web development and is an ugly thing to do, but what else can you do if their browser is so poor?
Unfortunately, no. That's my major pain when merging vcproj file changes.
IMHO multi-core processors are still so rare, and threading is such a horrible and hairy and dangerous place to go, that you're just better off sticking to one thread.
Excellent! Thanks for telling me about this. I'll be watching this.
I want to find out how long time there is till a specific from . I have searched everywhere, but can't really find anything. I THINK I have to use the -function together with the -function somehow. The scenario is: I have variable with the day of the week, ex: 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 6 / 7 And another variable with a time of the day: hh:mm And the last variable also with a time of the day: hh:mm "How long time" could be like: "2 days, 3 hours and 27 minutes from now" The same output should be generated from a specific datetime. Ex: 06/08/2012 23:55 is "1 day and 13 minutes from now" I really hope you guys can help! :)
Excellent, thanks very much!
Great, excellent links. Thanks for the help!
I understand not liking XAML, as it really intimidated me at first, but I will quickly say that it is a powerful tool. I am not sure how to do it through the designer, but in C# let's say you name your DataGrid 'myDataGrid' and your List is named 'stringList'. It is as simple as the following: and the data grid is now bound to your string list.
Very useful question and an excellent answer ! Thanks
Excellent question! I know this is an old post, but it saved me on a big project I am working on... so, thanks!
I am looking to create my own gestures for my iPad app. I know this can be done but don't know where to start. I read that there is some sample code that can store your custom gestures so you can re use them. Think it was as ajson I'm looking to draw numbers as custom gestures but any sample code/tutorial where I can get an idea where to start I would be very great full! Thanks ahead.
Excellent! @vinay-kr-sharma , but i add some more code to put my month language
@KunalK: excellent ! worked for me . If you put this as answer then I can accept it . And it will helpful in future .
For anybody else that is looking for a great tutorial, the is absolutely excellent. It gave me the background for the way an MVC application is designed, and enough to start making my own applications and research to fill in the blanks. Highly recommend this tutorial.
I'd like to know how I can draw a stepped route in . I've tried all possible options but it doesn't seem to work. I am currently using the code below as I would with the normal drawRoute function: Any help would be extremely appreciated!
Excellent answer! Your recipe works like a charm.
Since I've been working with the built-in Microsoft Charting Controls in .NET 4.0 lately (and loving every minute of it!), I thought I'd take a crack at answering my own question...
I finally had success passing data through AJAX and returning it in JSON. However, now I don't know how to display it on my page. here is my JS: after my model runs, it echos the following as discovered in firebug: any advice on how to replace the div "board" with data from the returned JSON array would be incredibly helpful!
Excellent job including the Fiddle! I still can't quite understand the question though. Could you include the output?
Excellent news, good stuff!
Check out this though personally I recommend you the backbone - it's very agile and fast to learn + leaves you with a lot of freedom and happiness :) But imo the special thing about the backbone compared to others is the community - and no fancy feature can replace that!
Excellent suggestion Aleksey! This seems to be a common need, so perhaps the Scala gods might consider adding this to Map
I really liked your approach to it! I found that changing the code to the following made my progressbar update correctly. I had some issues while using math.round().
Excellent! This works as well as I could have hoped, thanks alot
I have some questions.. (See an image for more information here: .) 1.When the animation plays reverse, i want it to play faster.. Is there any way I can do this? By code maybe? 2.Also. When the animation played backwards, and then forewards again I want it to stop at 'mouseover'. How can I do this? If i put a trigger stop between them, it also stopt when it is playing backwards. I really hope someone knows how to do this! Thankyou, Kind regards, Ellen
Extremely good question! For *line 1*, it is because you cannot add anything to a list of unknown type except `null`.
Excellent! On a Mac as well... I'll look into railsapi.com. Thank you for your help!
Based on the RolandMySQLDBA's answer I think we can use the above to get the size of each schema in a table: Really liked it!
is free, scriptable, supports passive mode and is definitely EXCELLENT.
@BrodieG excellent! thanks for the clarification. So I guess that generic primitive are a particular case of generics...
Excellent! I hope you liked the `$.when.apply(...)` with its double nested .joins. That's the bit I had to test.
I absolutely love this tip!
Thanks Dominic, this is really great! Tell me if I got this right: you create a heightmap, add noise to it, then assign tiles according to the height of each position?
I SOLVED IT! I used YouTube API and it works fine :) Thank you for your help!!
You can also try the MKNetworkKit framework: Easy to use and works really fine!
That looks like an excellent technique and pretty much negates my question! :)
this is a really great idea!!! please standby while i try thank u so much
Excellent recipe!
First I was afraid to ask such "simple" question, but it was worth it!
I modified your code and here is a working Downloader class. (@SébastienNussbaumer improved this answer and @TobiasKienzler reviewed changes: thanks a lot guys!) Simple to use: Output when download complete: Enjoy:-) And the event class:
excellent news!
There are a few plugins which you could look at for that functionality, if not flat-out use: Good luck, hope these help!
thx for that, really great answer!
This is my own program written in C++. It works really great! I just need to go to the next step and reassemble the TCP packets, I haven't a clue where to go next, as there is next to nothing on this out there!
Thanks for posting this Rob! Excellent work (saved me a month of R&D)!
mechanize ended up giving me the most functionality...thx
I'm a new user to the site, and new to VBA. I'm just trying to get the contents of multiple text boxes (from many different sheets) into one sheet. Right now, I've been stuck on getting the information from a single text box into a variable. At this point in time, I just want it to retain the line feeds (new line, enter, return, etc). Even if I could just copy/paste the information, at this point, I can't even access the text box via VBA. If anyone could help out, that'd be really great! Thanks.
I want to have a base class which implements some 'conf' interface, then have a class that derive from base class but has its own version of conf class(deriving from 'baseconf'). At the end I would like to have a method with signature BaseProc(Of IBaseConf) Is it possible to write it like that or should I change it completely? The code looks like this: Any help will be really appreciate:) Thanks!
First off I'm really loving all the things you can do with CouchDB. I'm coming from a lot of front end JavaScript and I use console.log() for lots of debugging and testing tasks. I'm wondering how to console.log or what a better way to debug might be in CouchDB. Any suggestions would be really awesome!
Excellent answer, +1!
today you - my personal Super Hero!
Excellent -- thanks!
Excellent! Thanks! that worked. But how is the performance compared to writing it as 2 separate SELECT queries?
yeah it working fine :) Thanks !!
+1 Because seriously, this question hasn't been asked yet? I remember getting incredibly frustrated the first time I had to figure it out.
I am new to android and I can't seem to find a step-by-step tutorial on getting the jseinstein slidemenu to work in Android Studio. I downloaded the files via the link "Download zip" on this page: From there on, I tried pulling this in to an android project, but can't seem to get the structure right like I would really love a real structured and up-to-date tutorial on how to do this, because the slide menu is simply great :) Any help would be appreciated!
You already have a great answer, but I wanted to give you a resource so you don't actually have to install IE8. You can use this site to test IE6-9, FF2-4, Chrome 5-6, Safari 3-5, and Opera 9-10. It's a really excellent tool!
@AndrewLazarus - Excellent point!!
I have a new responsive site I'm building and the site's header renders just great in all browsers except Internet Explorer 9. This puzzles me because I thought IE9 was more standards compliant. If I put IE9 in IE8 compatibility mode, it again renders fine. Any insight would be extremely helpful! I'm really stumped and perhaps it's an easy fix. Site Address: IE 9 Screenshot: Chris H.
@BrianGlaz : Really great answer!
@R.., excellent reading, many thanks! :D
For a good c compiler use . It is an excellent compiler which a huge device database to select from! You can use keil to generate a Hex file (in the Intel hex file format). You can then load the hex file into to simulate your design and see the output!
Wow awesome, it worked thanks a lot!
Great, excellent. You're welcome!
Excellent snippet !
Excellent I was not aware of this!
Excellent, thanks for reporting back!
@PhoenixX_2 no worries!
Wow, great link!
Excellent! Will try it soon. But it should work i guess.
I'm a starter in Objective-C and IOS programming, and I'd like to have some recent guidance on how to use SOAP with IOS 5. I saw some tutorials online, but they are quite old (over a year old), and I don't really know if there are some more recent ways to deal with the SOAP webservices. If anyone could give me some guidance / links about that, I'd be very pleased :) Thanks !
In VS 2008, there are XML code snippets that seem to be pretty awesome :) However, it seems that the snippets we created do not indent properly. For example if we have the following code: We get something like: Is there any way to make it so that all lines keep the same indentation?
How do I pull a single column of data out of a filled dataset? I have a filled dataset object, with a variety of tables. I need to get all of the data that is stored in a particular column in one of the tables, and bind a ComboBox ItemSource to it. (This may require me to pull the data out and make it into a string collection ...) If anyone has any bright ideas, it would be very grateful!
Hey guys. I told my wife all options that you gave and she went for "As Required", says it sounded more formal to her, and although Unspecified matches the scenario too, she didn't like how it looked on the agreement. Couldn't mark your answer as preferred since you put it as a comment ceejayoz. But, really thank you all for the very quick answers and taking the time to help!
Actually, I've just fixed it. Fiddled with ColorBox and got it working. I'm running it in a function every time the images change, which didn't seem to work with the previous lightbox plugin but does with this one. Hurray!
For you guys who can't find the 'Documents and Settings' (whatever reason there may be) here is another path where the trusted.certs can be found: Hope this helps!
Excellent - Cool
I just have to say this is a brilliant idea, love it! +1
great question!
You should really take a look at sprox ( ). It builds on RESTController, is very straight forward, well documented (imo), generates forms and validation "magically" from your database and leaves you with a minimum of code to write. I really enjoy working with it. Hope that helps you :)
Hehe this is nothing compared to some other little adventures I had with them ^_^" ... I love them *^o^*!!
Wow, thanks for the answers! This helps a lot.
I don't know the answer to this question, but the book "Understanding the Linux Kernel" has a lot of good information on this type of stuff. It's a really great book, anyone doing kernel work should read it.
Very useful, Thanks You!
If you are going to do minimal XAML stuff then the free and excellent tool KaXAML will help you. Take a deep look here
How do I cache an individual user control with ASP.NET MVC? I also need the VaryByParam etc support that usually comes with ASPX Output Caching. I don't want to cache the entire action though, only one of my user controls in the view. An example would be nice :) Thank you!
Amazingly extensive answer, thank you! I learned something today!
that is simply awesome :-)
Background: The MSMQ is hosted on Windows 2003. The queue that will receive the messages is a public queue. I have installed MSMQ HTTP Support on the server. From some of the white papers on MSDN, it appears that you can insert messages into MSMQ using SOAP/XML. The process, however, of just finding the WSDL endpoint is not clear to me. Any help you could offer would be greatly appreciated! Wish you the best!
Get Updated. Not that I'm that a Java Fan, but I'm working now with a Java Team and they do deserve the respect :) See comment by SztupY
There's a sample at the always excellent "Cocoa With Love" site:
I love Raymond Chen's blog! I would have considered putting this in the suggestion box if it wasn't closed.
Great question!
Thanks a lot, that's great!
Wrote it down for you, hope it works as you expected!
Great! Thank you.
but stackoverflow is awesome!
Excellent Answer :-)
If you don't mind working at a slightly lower level, httplib2 () is an excellent HTTP library that includes caching functionality.
To get the width of the image you can use this code: You could use this in the document preamble to create a new command to automatically set the width: and then, in your document: I hope this helps!
Yes, as a number of the excellent responses spotted, it is (was) a homebrew fiber implementation - my first implementation of Flow-Based Programming on a PC. The 16-bit version was actually used for production work at a big US company. I didn't realize that Win32 has a fibers implementation - I'll read the article cited by Greg Hewgill. Thanks to all of you!
It's not a place, but I've found by Charles Petzold excellent. It covers everything you ask about and is focused specifically on WPF/silverlight. Of course Petzold (as usual) is able to communicate the important concepts beautifully.
Thanks! This looks very promising!
An alternative to recording would be to use the MS Speech API with C#, enter the words via keyboard, and have it state what was keyed in. Just a thought... Good luck on your app -- it sounds like a really cool program!
Great manual, helped immensely!
Wow! I have an idea of cool web 2.0 app, and i will share it with you now. Do you remember this xkcd strip: So, imagine the web-service on which high-school students list people they dated (links to facebook profiles or smth), and the service provides recommendations whom to date next to create symmetric graph or any other fancy graph configuration.
FWIW - In regard to 'being more careful in the future' I've really enjoyed using AnkhSVN within my Visual Studio 2010. It's done an excellent job of helping me perform perfect commits
Thanks, that's great additional info Sam!
Text to html and WYSIWYmG are really different things. A real time preview is cool feature... i've seen a great example somewhere :) hmm :))) here, at stackoverflow!
I really enjoy programming in Mathematica, and hence was looking for solutions in it.
great thanks! serverfault.com - the new server admin equivalent of stackoverflow!
Very good point! I've changed my example code.
Already answered to wrap it but here's an . Good luck!
My test page: My Js trunk/js/sifr_config.js My CSS trunk/css/sifr.css any and all help would be greatly appreciated!
How can I check if I have listed all the dependencies correctly? The is an excellent tool for checking both build dependencies and dependencies by setting up a clean base system within a chroot environment. By compiling the package within pbuilder, you can easily check the build dependencies, and by testing it within a pbuilder environment, you can check the dependencies.
255 projects ! WOW ! well I can see that happening for what you do...
Thanks for the answers guys, all where to me really useful! :)
You should really check out . I evaluated it quite a bit last year and really liked it although in the end we deployed TFS2008 and so we're using TeamBuild to get a lot of the integration goodness. But really FinalBuilder had TONs of prebuilt build activities, great support for lots of environments and tools, and a nice IDE for designing it all.
We eventually dropped using Filestream. I believe we never could get it to work right with Nhibernate. Good luck!
I started wondering today if it would be possible to integrate Joomla+CB with Google apps. If that would be possible we could have one great product! The first thing that I would want to integrate is the logon-process, one login for Joomla+Google apps. Then it would be great to have some Google apps modules: - your latest e-mails - your next calendar entries - your google talk buddies online/offline - your most recent docs and spreadsheets
Awesome work guys. Got to love the fact that the SO community are so fast that issues I can't solve alone don't particularly impact on my day! Thanks! :)
Have you tried: I've also seen samples that in the markup for the media display layout file they specify an element such as: Good Luck!
Excellent advice here, and it seems like you know know this field. I hope you'll keep participating.
I came across this and really liked their gallery, not sure if the script is in-house or came from some free/commercial script out there ? Thanks
WOW! Truly awesome, SQLite to the power! :)
+1: Excellent question :)
To Kev's excellent Answer - "Working Effectively with Legacy Code" by Michael Feathers should be required reading for people working in Software Engineering.
Very good one, thanks!!
Like others I'm using larger fonts, since getting on the plus side of fifty. Most recently I started using the Consolas typeface and have really enjoyed it. Fixed width indents well. The clear differences between lowercase L and number 1 and the letter O and zeronumber 0 for example also makes this a really good programming font.
Good morning ! Is there any way to pre compile stored procedures in SQL Server? My requirement goes like this.. I have some stored procedures, which take more time in compiling than executing. So I want to precompile all the stored procedures. It would be nice to precompile them when the db server is started and running. Any ideas on this would be greatly helpful! Thanks & Regards, Pavan.
I have really enjoyed playing with my first robot. Now I want to make something a little more exciting. What's the best tutorial on making advanced robots?
That migration doc was essential for me, great link!
Just use Skype. It's free, it has excellent chatting capabilities, works over firewalls, supports lots of collaboration features out of box and plenty more as plugins. P.S. It is also supported natively on Windows Mobile and has good clients on other mobile platforms (like Fring on S60)
Would it be possible for you to post the code here? That would be awesome!
This is simple I hope :) When I create a new web application in WSS does it need to be on port 80 if I want to point an external domain name at it? Everything is standard in terms of IIS and ports that are open i.e. port 80 is the only one open. I am guessing if I let WSS assign a port number to the new web application surely this can never be accessed externally unless I open the assigned port? Cheers
+1 for *"...the debate was about **what** was actually meta data."*
Here's the current code I am using. The above code works perfect in making vertical (top to bottom) gradients but I'd like to be able to make horizontal ones as well. I have a very good understanding for PHP, but I don't deal with PHP image functions very often. If someone can help me and figure this out I'd really appreciate it!
I have the following code: This code causes python to go in an infinite recursive loop, and the output is actually incredibly cool: This keeps growing exponentially :) Its pretty but why is this happening?
I am working on an opensource app that using SubSonic 2.0.3 I need to regenerate some of the code so I need the tool that does that. I cannot find this version 2.0.3 of the code generator executable. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
@John Saunders: ok thanks. The only reason to ask you was that you seemed to be pretty knowledgeable, so I thought what the hey! I didn't mean to break any SO rules here.
In addition to the great LINQ-implementation of Dean, I had fun wrapping the code into an extension for DependencyObjects: This makes it extremely nice considering reuseablity.
Wow I frickin love this site! Thanks for the quick and concise responses. I plan to keep the client-side regex validation but move the username check to the server-side on submit.
Has anyone ever made a sharepoint lookup column that allows fill inn choices and does writeback to the list it does lookup from? what would it take to make such a column? If a 3.rd party solution is arround that would be realy great to :) Cheers!
I knew about the _viemurc/.viemurc file, but I didn't realize you could map commands to VS ones with vsc. Very good tip!
This is really simple and works great! I did a javascript test: http://jsfiddle.net/77eej/2/
I've found the following macros pretty useful! So you can just call or from within your app (as long as the header is included of course!).
Awesome -- this approach will work! Thanks! BTW -- I've followed your blog for quite some time! Thanks!
FlexUnit is pretty awesome - Also ASUnit - They are both pretty similiar and both haven taken quite a bit from frameworks like JUnit. FlexMonkey () although I haven't used it myself seems to do UI unit testing.
You've got to start with a custom instance of . We'd prefer to implement the simpler , but in this scenario we need access to the underlying . Then, to wire it up in the iBATIS config: Hope this helps!
I've been very happy with bulk-loader. We've integrated it with Parsley's MVC and IoC frameworks - - with great success.
Can someone tell me how I go about upgrading the Telerik ASP.NET controls? I am currently using the Q3 2008 release and I just recently bought the Q1 2009 SP1 release. How do I upgrade my projects? Do I need to uninstall the old one and install the new one or just install the new one? Also how do my projects get upgraded? Also, what about my projects that I have "live"? Do I just need to upload the new DLLs and and change my web.config? Any guidance would be great!
Excellent answer, worked for me.
I've got a table with a BLOB collum. What I want to do is get it to be able to pick out words and list them in order. For example if it contained: Bob Smith likes cheese but loves reading Charlie likes chocolate milk Charl loves manga but also likes cookies Then I would get likes loves as a result... is this possible and if so how? I'd like to be able to do it in just mysql alone, but I can use php as well. Thanks in advance, kenny
I'm trying to initialize an NSArray in the loadView method. And when I initialize it, it has a certain address in the memory. Then when I touch the screen I call the refresh method. When I debug the blends array here, it has the same address, but the content is {(int)[$VAR count]} objects... Here is my code: I hope someone can help me, cause I'm stuck for a long time! Thnx!!
I am trying to make Authlogic and Facebook Connect (using Facebook) play nice so that you can create an account either the normal registration way or with Facebook connect. I have been able to get the connect to work one way but logging out only loggs out on facebook and not on my site, I have to delete the cookies to make it working. Any help would be awesome, thank you!
An excellent and elegant solution. Kudos.
I have done some research for "The bast way to insert huge data into DB with C#" then a lot of people just suggested me using SqlBulkCopy. After I tried it out and it really amazed me. Undoubtedly, SqlBulkCopy is very very fast. It seems that SqlBulkCopy is a perfect way to insert data (especially huge data). But why dont we use it at all times. Is there any drawback of using SqlBulkCopy?
Excellent. I had the 4.5.1234.4 build and didn't see an update yesterday. Thanks!
Wow that's a very interesting question! I'm not exactly a pro at 16-bit C++ so I wonder why do you swap stacks at all?
Thanks! Both you and Jim were very helpful!
Excellent question. IMHO this type of thinking makes programs much more robust, especially when they undergo constant change.
I am a newbie in flex. Latest task is to generate a graph or a netwrok based on the data input. What is the best way to do it. Also when clicked on a node of a network it should show the associated data with that node. Hope to get some help soon! Thanks, Kartik
I'm learning C++, then i was searching for some codes for learn something in the area that i love: File I/O, but i want to know how i can tweak my code for the user type the file that he wants to see, like in wget, but with my program like this: The code of my program is here: Thanks!
Great answer! But as @paercebal mentioned, `auto` now has a different meaning, so could you please update the table at the end?
+1 for "don't believe into the myths that there are a lot of issues with MS Access"
ROT13. It's super efficient too!
We use Xceed's 3.0 DataGrid (pro version..but free version is excellent) more extensively than probably anybody. It has the flexibility to handle more things than the other grids.. in my opinion of course. Try them all, there are limitations to each.
