Text
Have you tried removing 'preload' attribute? (Afraid I can't be much help otherwise!)
Ok, I find the reason: device won't answer to simple user (and doesn't matter what permissions did you ask in program manifest). You can directly speak to device only if you are root (or from kernel mode). That means you cannot use devices directly from general applications. Very sad :(
I don't understand why (Apple in this moment I'm hating you!), but ALAssetsLibrary in iOS 4.3.4 does not allow fetching in a background thread (I was running a series of in a ). I solved by creating a little wrapper using . EDIT: After a code refactoring and the upgrade to iOS 5, I finally realized that the problem is actually related to how ALAssetsLibrary works, there is no need to use . .
Hi I'm using the chrome inspector (F12) to try and analyze the z-index of a twitter bootstrap popover, and finding it extremely frustrating... Is there a way to freeze the popover (while shown) so that I can assess and modify the associated CSS? Placing a fixed 'hover' on the associated link does not cause the popover to appear.
This is an absolutely horrid wart in the API, but it's never going away.
I am working with Eclipse (Indigo) to develop C projects. When I create a new C project in a new workspace, by default the "Autosave before build" option is not set. This is extremely frustrating, as autosave is usually the default behavior in other IDE's I worked on. I change some code, build and nothing seems to go as expected - until I remember that the option is not set... Is there a way to make Eclipse open a new workspace with this option set?
I have hit this too. No solution as yet. This is very worrying though!
Compare these two methods: Aside from the method signatures (bar can declare instead of ), is there any practical difference between the two methods? To be clear: I'm aware that this is a horrible approach to exception handling, and should not be done!
This is one of the shortcomings of DGV that I absolutely hate and why I almost always bind to an IEnumerable of an anonymous type.
Your are really violating the idea of TDD if your code if doing something different for the Test. Why do you only need to change it inside the test?
FEAR!!!!!!!!!!!
put your path and your shadow in a set. apply your animation to the set and it'll affect both. a really terrible example where I move both at once.
Still printed but had that dreaded extra page! -_-
I have developed a cumulative sum function as defined below in the Haskell library Repa. However, I have run into an issue when combining this function with the transpose operation. All 3 of the following operations take well under a second: However, if I write: performance degrades horrendously. While each individual operation in isolation takes well under a second on a 1920x1080 image, when combined they now take 30+ seconds... Any ideas on what could be causing this? My gut tells me it has something to do with delayed arrays, not forcing at the right time, etc... But I do not have enough experience to track this down quite yet.
@Mario I disagree, while the answer is outrageously awful, it's still an answer.
If I have a setup project in a VS 2010 solution and I add/remove another project, or unload/reload another project any setup projects in the solution are expanded in the solution explorer. It only does this for setup projects and it is extremely annoying. Is there any way to disable this behaviour?
@MikeChristensen that's horrible :| and weird!!
Can't find any manual about changing width of taglist element size. Taglist element is wider than icons I had set. It looks really awful =( Screenshot:
My guess is that you would have to extend the classes for DataTip, to check for NULL hitData objects, to kill/stop the drawing of the display. I do not think there is a way to do that normally in FLEX. You would have to customize and override the hitData class unfortunately. What a pain!!
By the way, I agree with Henrik P. Hessel. This is a very horrible piece of code.
I had a memory crash on UIGraphicsGetImageFromCurrentImageContext() ... if you're creating and releasing a lot of them, you should wrap them in a fresh AutoReleasePool for each iteration. Even allowing the NSRunLoop to tick WAS NOT ENOUGH for Apple/iOS to do housekeeping on garbage lying around from this. e.g.
i am currently having some difficulties trying converting a Unicode character string (DT_WSTR) into an INT this is what i have (Note most writings are in German, but i think someone who has worked with SSIS will unterstand anyways) Data Type selected: A four-byte, unsigned integer.but all it does is fail terribly
yes it does it in IE8 as well. Very annoying !
Out of all that pseudocode, the only thing that really worries me is "extracts code samples from file". Reading files from a directory is trivial, saving a file is trivial. Regardless of the test framework I'd spend most of my time focusing on the parsing bit. For direct testing, I'd embed the snippets directly into the test case: Ah, I see another change I subtly made while writing the test: my ExamplesToCode.parse() returns an Array (or other iterable container), so that it can be tested apart from the iteration itself.
as you can see folks hate spending time giving details on bad advice!
sounds scary !!
Back in the day I had to solve this with a panel where the text box is a component inside and had DockPadding set to 3 or 4 pixels. I'd then style that panel to a single pixel. I always found this really annoying!
the two are not mutually exclusive, archmage.
That's what I thought...but I'm terrible with C. Absolutely terrible.
That's really sad...
If I delete this question will it increase my reputation? 5 down votes it really sad.
Shameeeee on me!!!
I need from document object or from a DOM element (i.e. a DIV) to know which is its window object. In Firefox I can do: but obviously in that AWFUL browser that statement not work!!!
I have a fairly large codebase with several directories and files and I would like to check out a view or have a view as of a given date (Septermber 12th). I am manually checking file histories and doing and this is extremely painful. I wonder if there is a way to do a checkout and load everything as of a particular day at once?
After I changed my windows regional setting from my native language to USA, the problem has gone. Do not forget to restart Visual Studio. really annoying problem !
It's impossible to receive unicast UDP packets in Silverlight (rage!!!).
yeah, compiled, but output is so horrible !!!
I agree with this. For *non-essential services* increasing timeouts is incredibly frustrating.
There's an error here: $r3 only has one result column (which you haven't given a name). Are you sure you are using the correct variable because there's no way that your code should work as you have posted it. Also your variable naming is really awful. Use meaningful names instead of , , etc...
OK, then, no solution that going DB mysql... so sad ! :-( i will close the question !
@Aggieboy that's really sad, and I have to hand-code stuff .
The 0x1A byte is a terrible, painful [source of agony](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/12483711/serialdata-eof-circumstances).
This does seem to be the answer. Absolutely terrible API design.
That is awful advice! I don't mean to be overtly mean but I lolled.
Oh, absolutely horrible practice. But still the answer he was looking for.
Effective, but what a pain! You'd think there'd be an easier way.
Putting data in the ID is a terrible, terrible idea.
avoid the auto method, to apply by hand is such painful :(
You must be a sad sad person...
Somewhat new to OOP (i.e. C programmer converting to C++) and cannot figure out why my data members in my backpack class are empty. I make pass an array of potions to my backpack, yet the data members are saying mType = "" (i.e. nothing). I have never felt this lost in a program before. Starting to hate OOP (i.e. kidding...but this extremely frustrating). main.cpp potion.cpp backpack.cpp
Tools -> Options -> Projects & Solutions -> Build and Run "On Run, when projects are out of date:" Select "Always Build" That's it, had it myself, extremely annoying.
I got to this question via the Almighty Google. To complement on what Andrew said above, for those of you on OSX you might want to take a peek at /Applications/MacVim.app/Contents/Resources/vim/runtime/indent/html.vim and the modifications necessary should become evident. I can't believe I spent so much time suffering from poorly indented <li>s!
From my experiences so far, I've concluded that the HTML5 Manifest scheme was really terribly designed. My site serves a manifest file when a user is logged in. Unfortunately, when they log out, they can still access the cached protected materials. Can anyone think of a way to fix this?
Tried it again - it worked. God I hate reporting services!
Someone is scared to tell the reason of -1 !
Although, using this outside testing is a horrible, horrible idea...
Can I fix the width and the height of jQueryMobile dialog? Currently, the size of width is 100% which is really awful in iPad.
Maybe someone knows how to disable content assist only on 'else' keyword when working with PHP source editor in Aptana? As I really, really hate it with this keyword, because after newest release it's really messing with my workflow as after entering 'else' and pressing enter it replaces it with: and sometimes it decides to get rid of indents completely. Mind you I don't want to disable content assist completely, I just want to disable it for 'else' keyword.
I have just started using Vim in a terminal (PuTTY or MinTTY), after always using gVim. However, when using syntax highlighting, rather than the actual text colour changing appropriately, its background is changed to whatever colour -- and it looks horrible! I've set my terminal to use 256 colours and downloaded a 256 colour colour scheme. I checked that the and settings are as I expect, but I still get this problem... Is this a Vim or a terminal configuration issue?
I am developing a web page which embedded a "Google maps" view. In this web page, the user must specify several positions on the maps At this time, I am able to spread the balloons on the map displayed when the user click on a button to be dragged, but according to the zoom it can be very painful to zoom in and out to drag the balloon to a place. I would like to know if it could be possible to have a panel with all balloons to drag/drop on the map? My current development : My target :
Talking about feelings.. I really hate the asp.net CalendarExtender..
Horribly inefficient! It re-encodes the image each time. Try this instead.
Oh, this was was a pain! I probably lost 2 hours on this. Here is the solution: CMake uses short 'C' applications to test/try things. If the CMakeLists.txt states that C++ is used for the project, without also listing C, then some of those shorts tests incorrectly fail, and cmake then thinks those things aren't found. The solution was to change the first line of CMakeLists from this: ...to include C as a language: Then delete , recreate it, and everything then works:
I am building the Android OS on Mac OSX (Lion), and Eclipse as an IDE. I am trying to understand certain parts of the OS however this requires performing many searches throughout the project. These searches take 5 or 10 minutes on Eclipse, and the way they are presented is also extremely annoying. Also, I need a separate editor to open up the native files found in the OS, since if they are opened in Eclipse there is no color coding of the C++ syntax. I feel that Eclipse is really slowing me down - can anyone suggest a better IDE for browsing the Android OS (preferably free)?
I recently worked on a product that was targeted to .NET 3.5. Out of hundreds of beta testers, I can probably count on one hand the number that already had .NET 3.5. The rest had to sit through the absolutely painful .NET 3.5 install from microsoft (~30 minutes, and most of the time the progress bar stays near 0 so people think it is broken).
I wish I'd have found this question yesterday, as it has been causing me grief for hours! Surely this is a bug with the emulator?
I'm doing one app which requires AJAX call on almost every user interaction possible, I started writing JS functions, webservices etc. to handle all of that(still long way to go from here). Now I am wondering If I made a mistake maybe I should put whole page in update panel because I really hate writting JS. Is there some drawback to use it instead of custom written ajax calls to web service and js functions, and is it better to use more update panels or one big?
The problem was due to a malfunctioning . Very painful and a lot of time wasted.
I'm trying to do this in a makefile and it fails horribly: do you know why? I guess it has to do with escaping, but what and where?
the problem that I am having is while designing an email to be sent to users the border of the HTML table is not disappearing even though it is set to 0 and so leaves horrible white lines through areas which are menu to be solid blue colors, below is my HTML code! Untitled Document
ps really hate the response limits on comments.
clicking the zoom (or pan) button again, restores it. terribly silly - yes!
done... stackoverflow makes you wait several minutes. I really hate that
@Rob same problem, nothing. very disgusting
Why do you need the class explicitly? Couldn't you use the interface? Note that casting is not encouraged, which is why it looks so awful in Scala!
I have a page running on my local django dev server with the Django Debug Toolbar that seems to be running quite slowly but I'm unsure why: Django Debug Toolbar says SQL - 46 queries in 39.80ms And then running a profiler I get 7926 function calls (7774 primitive calls) in 0.024 seconds So I'm left wondering why is the profile time so much lower than the Total CPU Time? And then how can I find out what's causing the difference? And secondary to that - should i be worried about the 16842 involuntary context switches!?
It sounds very scary to me to use a floating point number for a key in a `map`.
Ahw... that's plain sad :(
Extending the class to handle new tags or syntax is not a bad idea, but eval'ing inline ruby code from a possibly untrusted source is an absolutely horrible idea!
Im trying to work with this awful language and I have to change an item of list by accessing to it with index I dont understand the awful syntax of TCL! How can I realise it?
This is extremely ugly C-style code, easy to get wrong. While the bugs in your code have been fixed by earlier birds, here is the C++ way to do this:
I am working on an app that uses some basic view types, but I find the default attributes extremely ugly in Android (for example, a bright yellow ). I can get the basic seekbar if I create it from code, using only the parameter, but I would like to know if there is a way to do this inside an XML Layout file. Is there an attribute I can set that will remove all default attributes - such as ?
@BoristheSpider :( :( That is really sad. :(
here's my hack that assumes arguments are all imaginary: ...horrible! but what you ask for isn't really possible without for instance hacking to dispatch to a new subtype of java.lang.Number. Really it would make more sense to use a Java or Clojure complex number library.
I am experiencing exactly this problem (and am in exactly the same world of pain): Whereby I am offering an update to SQL using LinqToSQL and it is failing with a because is set to . Due to legacy databases also on the server I am targeting, I am not able to re-configure the default connection settings as is quite rightly stated in the accepted answer in . My question is: How do you convince LinqToSQL to run a SQL before executing an update?
I'm currently having exactly the same issue with Monotouch and that's why I found your question. I get the very same exception as you do. This makes me assume that I'm not facing a Monotouch issue but a basic (mis)behavior of XIBs/Cocoatouch. So the answer is: no, it is not possible. Very sad though. René
That's horrible!!
I just tried installing those missing plugins ... what a pain!
can I replace my entire windows vista with ubuntu and is it free? I really hate vista
I've been tackling the same issue. It's a pain!
Why would you do that? You're begging for horrible debugging sessions!
I found this great node mysql boilerplate: it works terrific! However, now I need to hook it in to my existing user table, and my key field is named userID, not simply id, and changing the key fieldname in mysql breaks the example. So my question is, where in the project do I need to specify a different id field name? I see user.id in /util/auth.js passport.serializeUser and id in passport.deserializeUser functions, but it seems it must be specified elsewhere too. I'm hoping this is a simple question for users of passportjs!
I'm trying to create some ads in Admob, but on last step I always get error: but it didn't specify WHERE. I swear god, there are no errors on whole page, all fields are correctly filled, I see no red shapes around fields, everything match criterias written under fields, but I stil get this error - without any explanation. Has anybody same experiences? It's totally frustrating :(
Scary question!
I'm not sure that the given approach will work with hosts using NPT/EPT.
Come on, you are worrying about efficiency while your first line of code is incorrect!
I don't see how this is possible, but I really, really hate to run my query an extra time just to get the record count so I can build a pager. When I say a "pager" I simply mean the common gizmo with a link for each 10 records for example.
I can't believe that answer from a company. Horrible!
Well, this is a bit of an awful hack but quite frankly any C++ application which needs a way to define an unconstructable object is probably already an awful hack! And under GCC, I get the following: test.cpp: In function ‘int main()’: test.cpp:9: error: cannot declare variable ‘an_instance’ to be of abstract type ‘la’ test.cpp:2: note: because the following virtual functions are pure within ‘la’: test.cpp:4: note: virtual void la::oh_no_you_dont()
Very scary! O_O
no, it is not possible -- we tried hard and ended up reverting to the 10.7 way of using a custom class.. check MAAttachedWindow well with enough swizzling and posing it'd be possible of course... but that is very evil and at least as much work as your own class!
EDIT: Also you should avoid using it can make debugging extremely frustrating.
So "options" always has one item, and "option" can have multiple? What a horrid API!
:~) Very embarrassing!!! When I debugged and printed the receiving addresses, I realized that I was checking the wrong email account! Sorry to have taken your time.
Here is a solution that works for lower case strings only. Horrible horrible code, but I was trying to see how few lines I could write a solution in.
@AliceChen sad but sometimes the dropbox servers go down, this may also cause this!
Ew, the `com` prefix is horrible!
I wrote something that does work, but it's extremely ugly, but thought it could either help someone else or we could get something better. Here's what I came up with:
Since ChangeSets are becoming too many to handle because of many checkins, I'm thinking of selecting multiple changesets then create a single work item link for code review purposes. It's really painful to create work item per changeset and assign to a code-reviewer. Is this possible?
I just installed AndroidStudio in my System I am trying to create my Very First Project . I set up JAVA_HOME and Android SDK path that has been used previuosly by eclipse in Android Studio Android SDK has the below versions for Tools and Platform Android SDK Tools - 22.6.2 SDK Platform - 19 As soon as started Android studio downloaded the Gradle-1.12 in the below path C:\Users\DELL.gradle\wrapper\dists\gradle-1.12-all after that it shows the build screen as below. This screen is shown for ever . It is not moving further. can anyone help me in this. I am sad!
Right, I've got this horrible mess of html and erb (that does work!), but I want to do things properly and render the whole thing with the method. But I'm not sure how to do this, I can only render text with the link_to at the moment.
Sometimes in a long commit log, it's really painful to navigate the all-expanded diffs. (You get expanded-diffs when hitting enter from the magit-blame-mode for example) Is there a way to collapse these diffs?
I am working on a test application based on ASP.NET MVC. I am new to CSS stuff so I am learning that as well. I have created a master page called "new.master" and created a new css "new.css". I am calling the view from controller as: What I am doing is that I am frequently updating the css and master page. So I run the application in debug mode frequently. After sometime I stop seeing the effect of changes in css. When I "view source" in chrome and check the css, it shows an old version. When I change the name of both master page and css, I start to receive updated views but that works for sometime and then again I stop getting the CSS updates. Have you faced this problem? How can I fix it? (Its terribly annoying!)
I am very jealous of your name!
Finally found something, here: No reference to it from the Oracle pages, but found a direct link to a page on some forum post. Really sad how hard it was to find.
i have an assignment at my company to build a custom cms, for the foundation i ve chosen latest laravel(version 4, i believe). Now, the requirements in laravel docs() say minimal version of php on server required is 5.3.7, our servers have php 5.3.23. I am right now on a weekend, so i cant check my code on the server( been developing the basics on localhost with xampp which has latest php). Has anyone tried laravel 4 on pre-5.3.7 php?? i m very worried all of last week's work is going to the bin... :(
No betas involved, the lack of repro is really annoying me!
SVG transform on text attribute works excellent! This snippet, for example, will increase your text by 2x at Y-axis.
Excellent! This is exactly what I needed. Thanks!
Customise toolbar above iPad keyboard adding a single line textfield aka SMS style I have ipad app with landscape locked view with multiple textfields that I dont want to scroll up but like to enter single line text via a textfield in the toolbar, next to the Done, Next and Previous buttons. I am new to coding and built the app except for this customisation of the toolbar any help would be excellent :)
Excellent tips, thanks! Additionally you can try Clarity
Excellent! Works exactly like I wanted. Thanks.
@VitoshKa Excellent! Wish I could give you another up vote for th update
I have a long scrolling page, and want to test if an element is 100px from the top, then apply a class elsewhere (until the next element in line is 100px from the top) If I could just get the basic statement I would be ecstatic, anything extra would be a bonus!
Great time saver and hidden gem. Excellent!
Excellent! That makes life considerably easier. I really didn't want to add another layer to the application if I could avoid it. As far as StackOverflow etiquette goes, if I set this question as answered, Nikos won't get the rep for it as the answer is in the comments. What's the protocol?
Excellent article! Very useful :)
@Oded thank you this tool is very great!
Yep I've been testing some stuff recently under Safari 5.1.5 (WinXP) recently and when you have elements with tabindex="0", all the elements EXCEPT links ( with "href" defined) are focusable. By all elements, I mean s, s etc. It's absolutely amazing for me from the accessibility point of view!
I started to be thrilled only to find out that the example is ascii art!
Here is the good example of getting twitter-like UI for ipad app. , its really awesome!!!!! It provides : cascade views orientation support bouncing effect
Excellent answer, thanks! Wish I could give you more points.
No worries Stephen!
I am learning ML. Can some one please help me out with basic input/output functions in ML?? I just want to read input from console and store it in a variable and use it in my ML program. Please help. If you can point me towards some example for this also it would be super great!!! Thank you.
I appreciate your warm welcome, I never seen such a warm regard here for trying to be helpful, it was a really pleasant introduction and I want to thank you for taking your time to write - at last the end of the questions reads "If anyone has any ideas I would be extremely grateful!"
Excellent point! Thanks!! I did mean just the left side though.. (I should have specified that). Was glad to learn your insight though..
This is really great question - well organised and explained, nicely done!
Thanks. That was a really great pointer!
Excellent, this works perfectly! Thank you :)
Excellent, Thanks!
Unless you use JetBrains's excellent tools!
excellent solution is in subclass UITextView add lines It's work!
Ahhh! I just made num_rows work (even though I don't need it, as you pointed out) because of your indirect help! Thanks you sweetheart!
+1 fast and furious, or should I say, you are fast and I am furious! `:P`
I have a javascript document.write function that returns a textarea value to a field like so: Now, I need the output of what is returned from the document.write part to be in BBCode output, so if the value fetched from the document.write function is [b]hello[/b], it returns "hello" not [b]hello[/b]. Any help would be extremely appreciated!
Stu Nicholls's site has a lot of examples of how to do this without javascript. It's a really excellent resource.
I m really excited to know that html 5 has in build support for audio and video playback( I know its old news but I just woke up ! :P) . What is even more exciting is that it can play local audio/video files in matters of some click. I had a look at this , could not find any offline video player. my question is why is that people are not developing an offline media player which could just be loaded form a website ? are there some issues ? Thanks
There's an excellent series of posts on execution plans and how to read and interpret them - and a totally free e-book on the topic as well! - on the excellent Simple-Talk site. Check them out - well worth the time!
Yes, you need two view controllers. Check out lesson 7 from Stanfords CS193P iPhone Application Programming course. It is available online. Both slides and the lecture through iTunes U. I really enjoyed watching the course!
no worries! it happens all the time.
Excellent, thank you!
I ended up using , which met all my needs and is (IMO) very excellent.
Wow great answer and very quick!. Explained everything.
Excellent, injekt!!! Loved the way you answered.
Absolutely. Don't be afraid to just try stuff out!
There is a particularly efficient algorithm using de Bruijn sequences described on Sean Eron Anderson's excellent page: It works in 13 operations without branching!
Hey there i've been trying to make an image full screen in the browser without any whitespace and also have a random image everytime you refresh the browser, I know there has to be a way to do that maybe with an image array? Can anyone help i have no idea how to even start. So far this is what i came up with: Please help me! i would really love it!
Loving Susy, so far! Now I'd like this initial layout... ... to turn into this layout on a smaller screen: Is this possible using Susy? Furthermore, I'd want the AC-column to function as a single entity when they're in the same column, since I'd like to give them sticky behavior.
OK this is really odd. I have a list of about 20 pairs of TV's that look like: etc, all the way up to 20 They all work fine but one. It although the names and order of the TVs are correct in both the template and the resource its displays in the location. I have tried clearing both ModX's cache and my browser cache but here is the result I get: The Template: The Resource's TV's: The result on the browser: If anyone can give me a hint as to what's going on I would be really greatful! Thanks
I agree it's very ugly, but it does work! Well spotted.
You might want to look into JAXB. If you have a defined XML schema it will automatically create java classes that will easily allow you to 'marshal' (move data from java -> XML) and much much more. It's incredibly useful!
No worries! IE11 does a poor job of emulating other browser versions.
Well I'm kind of new with magento, and at work they ask me to do a group of products that they will be put in discount, so I created a category sales where I can link the products and put them in sale, so this is working perfectly, but the ask me to put dates in the products so the web master can put dates where the products will be shown between dates, so now I have no idea how to do this. I really hope you guys can help me thanks so much!
my pleasure :) :)
Related: Doug Lea put this up last week, pretty awesome!
You can try the (very) comprehensive jeff's OR go with this simple workaround: And then declare the attribute as an integer: This worked very fine for me! =D
I am attempting to get just the smiling array under tags then attributes. I have tried both to search and simply select. Every attempt results in an undefined variable. If you could explain how to select the smiling array that would be excellent!
I am trying to get the second dropdown box to change and populate when the first box has a car Make chosen. It connects to the database just fine, and if I type 'Honda' instead of 'carmake3' in the second dropdown, then it gives me a list of all the honda cars. I just need to work based on what the user selects. Any help would be extremely appreciated!
I'm pretty familiar with PGP, and the way it works. I'd like to include some functionality in a project, but so far my research has left my head spinning. What I'd like to do is create a public key with a defined private pass phrase. From there, I'd share the public key with someone where they can then encrypt a message using the key and return it to me where I can decrypt. I envision the code looking something like this. To generate my private pgp key: To encrypt I'd give my shared key to a friend: To decrypt the encrypted string after being sent back to me: Obviously I know I'm skipping out on a ton of details. Through my research I've seen references to libraries like Bouncy Castle and Spongy Castle. Any help would be hugely appreciated!
The link works for me. That is a pretty awesome testing class! Thanks Andrew. I think I am going to convert and use that in my Silverlight project. Thanks for the tip about Caliburn, Josh G. I'll have a look at that too! :)
AutoHyperlinks (https://bitbucket.org/sholt/autohyperlinks2/overview) is a pretty excellent library for this purpose.
Excellent! Exactly what I needed :)
I solved this need by using . I am able to route calls from Edge to my local machine. Absolutely love ngork! :-)
I am trying to toggle article length for a smartphone size site to save space. I thought that this would work - but I don't understand .closest() I guess. is a jsfiddle. Any direction would be GRRRRREAT!
@Andremoniy this is an excellent idea! But what if this is legacy code?
Horray for Android!
Excellent tool! Thanks for making it available.
Excellent ! You just gave me a lesson :)
excellent, thanks to both of you!
Excellent hint! I was using scrollTo(0,0) and it was doing nothing
Excellent answer to a very general question ! :-)
Ah, 400 million is a much less scary number!
Well, you are really brave! Implementing a Linq provider all be yourself...
i have a botton which is for changing the background image with jquery, as the following code shows it works very fine! but i want to fade in the newbg-image... is it possible to add a jquery fade method to it. Any help would be very appreciated. Thanks Ted
I have this regex And i really need it in a vba version for words .find method (don't need the matching-groups), here is what i have so far But i cant get the last part to work, here I'm talking about I really hope someone can help me, as regex in this case is not an option (Although i know i can use regex in VBA!) Cheers
If you want to search give Red Gate's excellent tool a try (its free!) but it's only for SQL Server though.
Check out Bruce Dunwiddie's excellent class. It provides really excellent information in the exception messages when you have this kind of mapping issue.
You should really check out this plugin: I have been using it for about 10 sites and it's really great! Since the latest update it's posible to export your custom fields to a PHP file which you can include your functions.php
Does Python not support protected members? Oo
Excellent, I'm glad that worked for you!
I've been experimenting with Linq to see what it can do - and I'm really loving it so far :) I wrote some queries for an algorithm, but I didn't get the results I expected... the Enumeration always returned empty: case #1 I changed the query declaration to be inline like this, and it worked fine: case #2 Does anybody know why it doesn't work in case #1 ? The way I understood it, the query wasn't evaluated when you declared it, so I don't see how there is a difference.
Well, I was using the setControlValueToUpperCase() method too soon it seems. So changing my keydown first if statement to fixed my issue. Horray Me!!
Excellent! Exactly what I was looking for. Thanks.
There is a free ebook that microsoft released about windows phone developement. Its extremely useful and It could probably answer this and many other questions you might have! you can download the book from this website:
you actually can use HTML5 tech to apply on that beside, you can use a gem 'client-side validation' the github is here I suggest you use the gem...pretty awesome :D
I am using 'simpLESS' program to compile my .less files into .css files on the fly. It is really great! However, after using it only for couple of days, 'simpLESS' stopped copiling the .less into .css files. I have tried to reinstall, redownload and then reinstall, tried other directories, other .less files, tried recompiling manuall - but nothing works. Has anyone experienced this? Thanks!
We are now 2 years after migrating to TFS. Just upgraded to 2013. The team absolutely love it and can't even think about the old svn days!
Welcome :) :) :)
#ERROR!
Thank you @Ward! We're loving how easy it is to create the GUI with Breeze! If can just work out this part, we will have a great solution!
Thanks so much for the excellent answers! All answers worked beautifully.
Wow! It is really great answer! So helpful! Thank you very much!
That answer was extremely helpful Scott, thanks for the pointer on that!
Wow that was exactly what I wanted! So the second solution I showed is somewhat similar to what he's describing but he describes also extremely elegant triggers that would keep all the data fully sane without any external code sanitization! I think I will go with that design!
Check out the WordPress repository. There is a plugin called WP GCM Its a very great one and has some great extras!
That's really an excellent post, thanks for pointing that out!
No worries! Joe
I have used very successfully ( with a tweakette here or there! )
Seth's answer was totally awesome! Please be sure to green checkmark it!
+100 for this :-) you made my day!! When writing the question I was not sure if it was related to "Brook's mythicalman month" and skipped it. Here I go ... and it's persisted for eternity on stackoverflow :-) I am really "rofl" that stackoverflow can answ
excellent adding! for debugging, go to wp-content\plugins\syntax-highlighter-compress\syntax-highlighter-compress.php and add the following line to wp_shc_head() :
Excellent thanks!
The WPF SDK Team posted a EXCELLENT article about chromeless windows available here: This is a MUST read!!! UPDATED Also found article by Lester Lebo on how to use the WPF Shell Integration Library for a custom window chrome
Got it - I should have tried harder before replying. I had to keep track of the current row number and only switch the value on new rows. Revised code: Called like this: Thank you again for your excellent response & answer!
No worries man!
@Stilly.stack wooow I didn't know that that was important!! thanks a lot :)
in about 4 months from now I should be able to show you one =P
I'm trying to make a link inside the fancybox single image title. I want it to redirect me to another fancybox window (witch is inline)... I have a script that makes the whole single image a link, but this targets my document title instead of the anchor title... I really hope someone will have a solution or a better idea on how to do it!! :) Thank you thank you thank yooou! :) btw: I have almost never worked with scripts.. In depth anyways...
Excellent! Thanks for the additional detail Sean!
There's 2 parts to this question, both about RestKit: How can we post up 2 values email and password, and deal with the response using the object mapper How can we map 2 objects in a response We are expecting the following JSON response: What's the correct way to map this out, we've got a class setup for User and Token, but all the examples i've seen seem to not show something like this where there is two segments to the response, here's the code we have at the moment: Appreciate any help you can give on this, loving RestKit so far!
Excellent tutorial!
No worries, I know how annoying this stuff can be!
It would be super great! if you can help me with iframe and cookies stuff...
eXcellent, superb, charm :) Thank you!
Excellent answer!
Haha great :) Happens to the best of us!
So I'm trying to write a RR Rotation and LL Rotation with Java for an AVL tree. I have most of it figured out, however I don't know where I should modify the height within the method. I've been trying to understand it for a few days here but I cannot figure out where exactly it would go in the method I currently have. If someone could help explain exactly where I should put the modifications for the height of the node (it uses getLeft/setLeft for it's left height and getRight/setRight for it's right height) it would be extremely helpful!
I am working on where i have two tables like and Country : City : cidCountryidId Means Many-to-One mapped with Now i need to access the details from I created already 'Country.hbm.xml' I created already 'City.hbm.xml' Query: Query Result I don't know why it is showing this exception..., if anyone knows, it will a great pleasure for me..!! Note: I am retrieving child details from parent
If this is true that's excellent news! I'll give it a try next app update...
There are some really great answers here that I wholeheartedly agree with!
@DaveBish, What an excellent tool! I will be using this ALOT in future! :-)
EXCELLENT! works like magic, just what i needed
Here are my tables. And here are my object classes I'm brand new to dapper and orm in general, so please bare with me. Would a many-to-many relationship be possible to map out with dapper? If so, could someone provide a coding sample, that would be extremely helpful! I am also open to switching to a heavier orm if that would make these advanced mapping scenarios a lot simpler.
Wow, wow, wow! I actually found a better way to do that... if I keep the same abbreviation and change template text into: it does want I wanted, but in the way cooler way! So you can use your own variables in a template as long as you don't call them or Awesome!
I've been using yui3 grids lately for my column layouts, and I'm loving them! Here's a link to a great overview/tutorial: This is a very easy and flexible solution, which scales well to even very complex layouts.
@PhilipOakley excellent suggestion! I hadn't used `cherry-pick` before but that worked quite well. If you post as an answer I'll accept.
Right, since you recognize EAV, I'm supposing you'll do fine :3 Good luck!
Excellent answer!
@Dimitre: +1 Excellent and complete answer!
Ah, excellent :)
I placed all the receiver tags in : And implemented my subclass: This works very fine!!! But... The method is called AFTER uninstall was completed but BEFORE users press OK at confirmation activity showed by native system. I wanna, if exists, receive a broadcast AFTER user press OK. Thanks!
It sounds like you might want to use . It is extremely awesome. If you use Datejs, here's how you could do it: ex. for me: returns an array with 3 Date objects:
You must redraw your background with each change in your line (that’s the canvas way) Don’t worry, canvas is very fast at redrawing! Here is code and a Fiddle:
I would really love if someone could tell me how to tell whether 2 objects have touched (An image or a button) I know how to make them draggable but not how to tell if they have touched and to do something when they touch! Thanks!
I have 2 files I need to merge based on 2 columns. I have tried using awk as well as tried combining the 2 columns using _ and then using the join command. When using join, some records were not matched, even after sorting, and multiple records were created. Using awk I can match the files correctly, but cannot get the output to print with zeroes when no match exists. File 1: File 2: Desired output: Any help would be hugely appreciated, I am new to large data files and unix!
Excellent ! It works !
Its an excellent place to start!
@Marc-André Lafortune Your answer there was incredibly helpful! Thank you!
+1 Thats a very sexy way of getting days within a range!
I wanna make popover for add new event when user will click to day ("select" callback in jsEvent.pageX and jsEvent.pageY parameter but Idea where is this popup still sticked on clicked element looks better. So my working code for stick popup to some element : html I already tried something like this: But isn't working. Any help will very greatful!
So I'm using activerecord to get the count of items for a certain day: But this doesn't give me if there are no records for a given day, how can I fix this? Or is there are more "Rails" way do to something like this? Any help is hugely appreciated, thanks again!
@Leon Tayson: Excellent answer!!! Thanks loads...
Does iTextSharp support Windows Metro Apps? I am trying to create PDFs from a C# Metro App, but PdfWriter.GetInstance requires some arguments which is not available in WinRT. Any help would be EXTREMELY appreciated!
Sky, it sounds like you can maintain *complete* test coverage for an exception. Excellent work! Maybe someday I'll learn how to do that.
very nice beautiful :-)
I am trying to create a plot of several data series that are contained in a pandas DataFrame. Let's use as an example: This code produces a simple line chart with two different data series: However, if I try and create this same plot in a PyQt widget using , I only get a single line. My code for the second example is a little more involved: When I run this code, the output looks like this: If anyone can shed any light on this, it would be hugely appreciated! Thanks.
I need to transform this : into this : I tried to use wrapAll with jquery, something like that : Any suggestions would be really appreciated :) Thank you very much !
I need someone to point me in the right direction on this.... In my Android application I have a ListView with custom views for each row containing various textviews each. I retrieve weather information for multiple locations and then want to write the results for each location to its own listview item. The question is, how do I refer to each textview on each listview item? I can't do it by name using , can I? If there are three items in the list, will the temperature textview for each item be names the same, just differ by an array index? If so, how do I specify TextViewName(0), TextViewName(1) and TextViewName (2) for the three list items? Yes, I'm still very new to Android....but loving it!
How to get keyboard and mouse input (what buttons are currently pressed) && also how to send output (make the mouse click at a specific position in another program). If you could also add comments on what different things do and why you use them would be terrific :D Cheers! //Daniel
Awesome :) !!!!!
this worked excellently, great job! :)
Gosh ! you're right !!! Excellent !!!! Is there a way to expand it programatically ? I added .setOngoing(true) (to the top) but it's not expanded... (not really the top because the first one is a notification when I'm plugged to USB for tools developpement ). Thank you again my friend !
@Jon no worries!
I have never use this but looks really great and pretty easy to use !
I stumbled upon this site and really loved the way they have done the navigation on the left hand site. I noticed that site is using jquery but didnt see any plugins. Any ideas on how to go about doing this?
That works! Very awesome :) How do I select your answer as the solution?
excellent! exactly what I was looking for. Thanks Anna.
@KevinB what an excellent resource! That just made my life waaaaay easier!
In ASP.NET MVC, I have a form. In this form the user selects a country, and then the ID is posted back to the server, using a normal . However, for some UX reasons, I use Knockout. Therefore I need to get my observable value to have the value of a dropdownlist. I want my label in the markup, to show the countryId, depending on the selected value on the dropdownlist. Markup: ViewModel: Then my question is: How do I modify my DropDownListFor, so the countryId is being set automatically? :-) Thanks a lot! I really enjoy learning Knockout, but this one has taken me a long time!
What options are there to pull a GApps user creation date? I saw that the Admin SDK is capable of it, is it the only API capable of doing this? does any of the previous one also capable of? If possible using GAS, it will be most excellent, Thank you!
Excellent! Thanks for the link.
I want to know what is good start point to work on creating own GUI on iphone/objective-c. I've never done this part before, and I know I'm kinda attracted to make my own slick GUI, something like convertbot, which I really love :) Any suggestion would be appreciated! Thanks
just wondering if anyone could help me. I have a file containing a line: xxxxx are 5 digit numbers and the numbers are different for everytime. I want to be able to search for xxxxx and put it in a variable, so I can use this varibale. Do I use grep and sed? If anyone can guide me through it, that'd be terrific :) xxx
No worries! Keep at it...it's overwhelming at first, but it gets easier
This code seemed to do it: The accepted answer goes to dystroy as he was the first to point me in the right direction, excellent answer by Bart Kiers though, +1!
This is excellent, thank you!
@sheidaei great :) keep it up! you even get 2 point bonus for accepting.
Tim, great-great sample, does exactly what I was looking for!
Ok after a LOT of searching I found the answer, which is relating to accessing request in django custom template tags.... You can see the answer here: I used the following: and then changed the following line: I really hope this helps someone else! :-)
Excellent!!! This is exactly what I am looking for!
Excellent work on that site by the way!
This is answered . The concept was implementing with the tags such as and within the and div. Excellent answer!
