Text
@Johannes: Don't bother, he's much too stupid and heinous to be worth helping (see his comments on my answer, it's a model of how to get help).
Basically you've got to call the method with reflection: Get the generic method template with Call passing in your 4 type parameters Invoke the method passing in the regular arguments It's a pain :(
Is there a way to create a batch api request with different access tokens to be used? I need to crawl data from youtube channel using the offline access tokens of our users but the problem is we have 20K of that and having 1 request at a time is really painful and is taking lot of time.
When I slide to a next image, or when the slider/carousel automatically switches to the next image the previous image disapears too fast, which gives it an extremely ugly look. I've made a video to make clear what I mean, can be checked over here. Anyone has an idea? Code for the carousel:
Is this valid ? what I'm really worried about is can you specify type and also use def at the same time?
Now that's a lousy, lousy way to answer a question. Where do you do this?
Yes, I hate how Skype tries to use port 80... I sometimes forget to change it, and then when I try to test some web thing I've written, Apache won't start.
ahh got it. you didn't downvote me for simply asking you to explain a bit more did you?
I am trying to make a search TextBox with an embedded magnifying glass icon. I have the following markup so far: However, I can't find the entry in SystemColors which will give me the same color as the standard TextBox border. This is a blueish color by default. Am I being really stupid here?!? EDIT: btw, the image is contained in a stackpanel because I'm planning to put a dropdown arrow in there as well.
Is it possible to configure nHibernate to connect to Paradox database (*.db files)?
@grieve: Networking is native, meaning that when buffers are used the receive/send data on the network, they are pinned in memory. see my comments below for elaboration.
For windows 7/8 http://superuser.com/questions/339465/creating-a-virtual-nic-on-windows-7/339475#339475
StyleCop has rules that seem to differ from MS's prior style guides. For example, StyleCop hates m_ and _ for prefixs to private members. Also, the VS default code generation violates StyleCop by putting using statements outside the namespace. *sigh*
I have not figured out how to set the font yet, but I did find an excellent example of how to make the colors on alternating rows of the list to vary in color: http://www.actionscript.org/forums/showthread.php3?t=188206 (It was different in AS2 - just needed one line. Now you need one line plus three whole classes.)
Is there a way to use records directly in erl? No matter what I try, it always says it canno find the record. I am trying to do mnesia transactions and I cannot go too far without my records. Any help is greatly appreciated - thank you!
the 'id' field of my table auto increases when I insert a row, I want to insert a row and then get that ID. I would do it just as I said it but I'm wondering if there's a way I can do it without worrying about the time between inserting the row and getting the id. I know I can query the database for the row that matches the information that was entered, but there is a high change there will be duplicates, with the only difference being the id.
Instead of logging to the console, log to a file and then track the file with a separate gui application. This keeps the console uncluttered and gives you a more persistent record of your log, which occasionally is extremely useful. There are various libraries which will do most of this for you, or you can keep it simple and just do it yourself.
Copy any applicable preferences files in ~/Library/Preferences from a machine that you have checked "Don't show again" on.
Yes, Lily, but *why*? It sound exactly what someone who develops a malicious piece of software would ask.
on Python Prompt it works fine !! can anyone has idea why my program is not working from .py file as import is working perfect from python prompt.
With what little I know, I'd recommend looking at http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Write_Yourself_a_Scheme_in_48_Hours (it uses Parsec etc.) but I'm not leaving it as an answer because it's quite possibly a terrible one. Hopefully someone who knows better will answer (and then I'll delete this comment).
Also, the question is why you want to move the column, the other 2 posters have summed up the how, but something about your attempted query worries me: 37 columns is far too many. If you're trying to move a column on table with that many columns, i suspect you are DoingItWrongTM
How can I get an array of pointers pointing to objects (classes) ? I need to dynamically allocate space for them and the length of array isn't determined until run-time. Can any one explain and tell me how to define it? and possibly explain them how it works, would be really nice :)
Proxy (among many other meanings) is a **design pattern** -- see [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proxy_pattern) for excellent coverage (not intensely C++ specific, of course).
Great Solution!
The effect I believe you are seeking is achieved by providing a HeaderTemplate for the TabItem's in you Tab collection. Hope this helps!
I am trying to save a ListObject from a .NET 3.5 Excel 2007 VSTO Workbook to a new sheet (done) and save that new sheet to a new workbook (done) without that workbook requiring the VSTO customization file (!!!!!). Has anyone had any luck with this? The only way I've had any success is just saving as a CSV file but that's not exactly acceptable in this case. I'd rather not save to a CSV just to copy back to a XLS file. worksheet.SaveAs(saveDialog.FileName, Excel.XlFileFormat.xlOpenXMLWorkbook)
When explaining things to someone who seems to still be learning Haskell, I'd avoid using (or even showing) the pointless style. Don't want to scare them ;-)
Always open in my editor is a tab with a text version of MySQL's manual (~100k lines in a readable layout), which is extremely helpful. The version I have is very old (when 5.0 was still in beta), and this valuable text-file does not exist in mysql.com anymore. Is there a newer version, or some tool that can create it out of the various existing formats?
I am new to fluent nhibernate and nhibernate. I want to write a fluent nhibernate autopersistence convention to handle creating the many to many mappings for my entities. This is what I have right now: It seems to work, but I feel that there is a better way to do this. Now my questions: Do you have a better way to do this? Do you usually want the Cascade behavior here? Do I need to worry about something besides making sure both sides of this association end up with the same table name?
What libraries/methods that you know of can do some basic HTML representation in Swing? Can you comment on your experience?
What is your question? What is not working as it should?
Awesome! You have no idea how long I've been trying to find this!
I have a page with many forms in panels and usercontrols, and a requiredfield validator I just added to one form is preventing all of my other forms from submitting. what's the rule that I'm not following?
you might want to change your accepted answer, as per ** user9876**'s comment below.
Whether this is a terrible UI Experience or not depends upon the type of data collected. I once created an online job application system and most of the questions were long and quite detailed. In our testing, we found people often wanted to enter this in a random order and were quite frustrated when they couldn't. However, for a simpler checkout or registration process, particularly where steps depend on earlier steps then validation as you go is definitely preferred.
I know this is an old thread but still, I'd like to share one more tool which I find extremely helpful and user-friendly: This is an online tool that will get you up and running in no time. It also features a variety of pretty nice layouts out of the box. Here are two for example:
My goal is to write a cookie when the user authenticates. We are using a crappy framework that hides its source code and event model so when I use their login control I can't set a session timeout on it! Anyhow, I am trying to write a cookie when the user is logged in, and then refresh the cookie expire time on subsequent page views (sliding expiration). So I figured I could initially create the cookie during Application_AuthenticateRequest in teh global.asax but that seems to be firing even when the user hasn't signed in yet. Is that suppose to be the case?
I'm unable trigger a click on the body tag using jQuery, I'm using this... even this fails Any ideas?!
I'm not sure why this answer was accepted. This simply isn't the correct answer. Deadlocks can occur whenever you have multiple threads. There's nothing inherent in GUI programs that makes them more likely to happen. Furthermore, they can easily happen even if you use BeginInvoke(). Brian Ensink's answer is the correct one.
Obligatory I Am Not A Lawyer. Are you violating the legal clauses of the GPL? Probably not. ATI and nVidia do this sort of thing with their graphics drivers for Linux. However, it's important to note that Linux is GPLv2; this may have changed with GPLv3. Are you violating the spirit of the GPL? Yes, and judging from the way your question was written, you already knew this.
I'm using vbscript, all that does is reverse the setting of checkbox.checked, whichever way it is. As an aside, vbscript is awful to work in.
My company has no current plans to move to vista, so we haven't tested compatability issues yet. Doug Hennig has an excellent article on the subject however: These links describe some issues as well:
One of my tables in my SQL database has a growth rate of two nibbles per nanosecond. I was wondering how many megabytes per day that is and should I be worried? My hard disk is 150 GB.
from Wikipedia is excellent to start with.
here is some code to have a gif (that already have transparency in it) transformed (supposed you want to resize it) in bitmap and then can be showed properly with it's transparency. Good luck ! Grégoire Lafortune
You would probably be much better off "exporting" the code to where you want to run it, so you don't have all those .svn folders lying around on your web server.
If it's not in the dictionary, probably not.
claims to: Export Balsamiq Mockups to HTML/CSS/JS and Adobe Flex 3 at a click of a button. Balsamiq's perfect companion No coding skills required Pays for itself after one use If it really "works" Napkee could be extremely useful. Does Napkee work as advertised? What is the quality of the exported HTML? Is it a must-have companion to Balsamiq (which I love)?
I've used Clojure, it's great for an ex-Lisper! I may do it opposite from you and learn Haskell next.
Right. I agree with what you said about not being able to pinpoint the time of the next tick. The point of what I am saying is you don't want to be executing tick event code from a previous tick when your next tick occurs.
http://blog.jerodsanto.net/2009/05/jquery-set-mouse-focus-on-page-load/
Awesome!! http://haacked.com/archive/2009/12/02/t4-template-for-less-css.aspx
I lied. The problem is back with a vengeance... 4009 errors in 229 files. This is ridiculous! VS2013, Resharper 8.0.2.
Thanks for that - I figured that was probably the best solution. Very good answer too!
Kernel Mustard link is now dead :(
In the absence of tuples, they're sometimes the cleanest way to do things. I generally hate them, though. F# has some nice syntactical sugar for dealing with them. Rather than making me deal with parameters, it treats them as methods that return tuples instead. The various methods end up returning two element tuples: It's quite handy, and doesn't make me feel dirty.
You're missing Aero? Check out http://win2008workstation.com
I am working in VB.net and have a Class, Foo, that implements an interface, IBar. I have a List of Foo's, but I need to pass a list of IBar's into a function, but I keep getting casting errors, even when I use DirectCast. My code is In both Main and Main2 I get MainWorks works, but it would be really annoying and inefficient to have to do that everywhere I want to call this function.
This question appears to be off-topic because it is not about programming. See [What topics can I ask about here](http://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic) in the Help Center. Perhaps [Web Apps Stack Exchange](http://webapps.stackexchange.com/) would be a better place to ask.
How do I exercise an action to ensure it redirects to the correct action or route?
+1 excellent question
I really like Kate, and since it's a KPart, other KDE programs use it as the editor, so it's goodness everywhere! (why is everybody else assuming you use windows?)
why do people hate anonymous block initializers
Is there anyway to control the styling of the scrollbars of a div tag? I am experiencing some contrast issues between IE7 and FireFox 3.5.2. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Wow, it works! Thanks.
Strings containing XML is an extremely bad idea and asking for trouble. Use messages that have a defined schema.I had to rewrite significant portions of an app that used a lot of XML internally instead of types. It was horribly slow and impossible to figure out what was happening.
Sorry, most of the code for this is 3rd party and I do not have access to it, making things extremely difficult/frustrating.
I would like to intercept the event in a .NET Windows Forms TabControl when the user has changed tab by double-clicking the tab (instead of just single-clicking it). Do you have any idea of how I can do that?
I've just been looking at php's autoload() function. Seems a nice idea, but I'm not sure how it handles multiple directories. My current development basically has a library directory structure grouping classes into subdirectories by operation. I'm wondering I have to declare a include() for each directory ... which I really hope I don't have to do. Can you advise - thanks
My company currently use CruiseControl.NET, which I find quite a pain on the neck to configure. What CI solution do you use?
Great question! I also find myself a little lost in WPF because of the amount of flexibility it offers and have been looking for guidance in how to choose fonts, layout, spacing, colors, etc. I've had a hard time finding books or websites to improve my UI design skills, so I hope we find great answers here!
I really enjoy using Beanstalk too. I few days ago I realized an iPhone app to get access to your account info on your iPhone, this is the iTunes link: Best! Pablo
Fantastic work! You were correct to choose yours as the accepted answer. Really appreciate you sharing the script with us. :)
Agree that you should ensure that your data is properly indexed. Apart from that, if you are worried about table size, you can always implement some type of data archival strategy to later down the line. Don't worry too much about this until you see problems cropping up, and don't optimise prematurely.
What does this have to do with programming?
that's not a maintainable solution. most modern code metrics (readability, simplicity, maintainability) would conclude it's a terrible solution.
Can fogbugz track case dependencies?
Daniel Moth has a pretty good blog post about how to do this here: Best of all it is simple and free!
I'm not familiar with Seam specifically, but I've seen this same problem come up when working with XSLT and other XML-based frameworks. There are generally two solutions: Rethink your page and data architecture so that the entire list written depending on a single condition. This may require a loop inside the s:fragment. Wrap the offending non-valid fragment html in a <![CDATA[ ... ]]>
Excellent and simple.
ya, indeed very good thinking for a teenager!
Reviewing the MSDN docs for the functions listed , I see that the function checks with the SMBIOS table, which is referenced by a standard It appears that you indeed can find the information you seek through the BIOS. You may have to install a driver to get that information out to your program. Good luck!
What should go into the top level namespace? For example, if I have MyAPI.WebLogic, MyAPI.Compression, etc. If I put classes into the top level namespace, am I violating the principle of encapsulation?
Wow!! The question sounds like question for working in the kitchen. I am amazed the names used for the tools :)
I hate to say it, but the selected answer is wrong. C# Express ships with 3.5 SP1, including .NET SP2, etc...
Hate to break the bad news, but SSHClient() already uses threads internally.
@gap: No, I never wrote the helper class, I'm afraid.
I hope you were joking :) I want to collect general statistics on my typing and specifically not log everything since I'm sure to type passwords.
Apart from the books available from , I am looking for some links to any resources that could help in learning the VTK library. Preferably, with example code and tutorials. Google results have not been terribly informative for me. So I am asking here for links to VTK resources.
thanks for the great tip! I was really thinking of this because this is the only file that change per environment
Almost Everything explained above, hope this too helps ! SQL SERVER – Difference Between CURRENT_TIMESTAMP and GETDATE() – CURRENT_TIMESTAMP Equivalent in SQL Server. See this .
If I use SubSonic to create DAL for my web project do I need to worry about preventing SQL Injection Attacks?
I am writing a webPage using asp.net and c#. I want to divide my webpage into 2 columns such as in one I will have buttons that change the view in the other column, without "stepping on" the content of the first column. example: button 1 | :) a picture... button 2 | I tried to use divisions but I think I'm not using them properly. any help would be great! thanks!!!
i love those 8-space tabs you are using....very sexy.
+1 for the sarcasm!
We use Hessian in our software, and I wish the previous developers didn't do this as we now have to access the hessian endpoint from C++. It's a pain and I prefer things to be in simple HTTP xml or json.
I know I've mentioned this several times before but Scott Meyer's book [Effective STL](http://www.amazon.com/Effective-STL-Addison-Wesley-Professional-Computing/dp/0201749629/ref=sr_11_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1220372978&sr=11-1) covers these gotchas in a clear way.
ROFL! Upvoted for the hilarious title! :D
After reading the Head First Design Patterns book and using a number of other design patterns, I'm trying to understand the Observer pattern. Isn't this already implemented using Events in the .NET Framework?
Technically, XHTML can not be poorly formed. A stipulation of XHTML is that it is well formed and valid. Sorry for the lame comment, invalid XHTML angers me.
(Great question!)
You will need to use some LDAP queries Here is some code I have used in a previous script (it was taken off the net somewhere, and I've left in the copyright notices)
Ugh, implicit joins! I want to tear my eyeballs out looking at that.
When contributing to a very old, and apparently no longer maintained, open-source or public domain project, is it suggested practice to follow the original author's coding style even if it is terrible? More importantly, are there any reasons why one would want to follow the original author's coding style rather than clean it up significantly?
I'm using VS2008, in a normal mid-size solution. Sometimes, debug stepping becomes very slow. A padlock gets rendered on the every file tab for every "step" (F10/F11), and it can take up to two seconds for every step. That makes debugging very annoying and slow. Has anyone seen this problem?
Use if-else inside scriplet based on the currently selected language and place appropriate "td" tags. Hope this is what you are looking for !
dupe: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/996646/stand-alone-java-code-formatter-beautifier-pretty-printer
Why use a `Mutex` here? The `Acquire` method just returns a reference to an instance (this is a reference type). Whether the object referenced is mutable or immutable is irrelevant. The reference is to the same object no matter if the object mutates. Why do locking? Even if the instance was not "singleton" or "read-only", i.e. even if the field reference could change, since [reference assignments are atomic](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5209623/), there would still be no need for locking/`Mutex`. I will downvote this answer @ +109 net upvotes...
I answered the same question . Best of luck! As you will see, I like the tools.
I really fail to see the use case... If you will type print_var_name($foobar) what's so hard (and different) about typing print("foobar") instead? Because even if you were to use this in a function, you'd get the local name of the variable... In any case, here's the in case there's something you need in there.
What technologies are you using? You can write direct to Word 2007+ (.docx) as it's basically just a zip file with XML in it (in an awful and poorly documented format, but never mind). If you're using the older binary format then it all depends on which 3rd-party tool you're using to write to document.
I'm all for option 2. I'd say it's a formatting issue, which is, in my opinion, for the view to worry about.
files starting with a dot can be a pain to windows based tools...
Fantastic answers! Thanks a ton!
`ROW_NUMBER()` paging emulation, or SQL Server 2012's `OFFSET .. FETCH` clause can be quite slow for high page numbers: http://www.4guysfromrolla.com/webtech/042606-1.shtml. In that case, the [seek method](http://stackoverflow.com/a/19610367/521799) might be a better choice, as it allows for paging in constant time.
http://delta.tigris.org is an excellent tool for automated minimization of a test case.
Well, without any third-party tools, I'd say try using the clipboard ring, but roosteronacid's idea about the snippet is probably quicker. Hope that helps!
that's a really cool functionality of php i didn't know about! I'm not exactly sure how I'd actually _use_ it, but that's still cool!
Its absurdly late/early so maybe I'm just tired, but can anyone tell me why in the world the following test is not failing? Really need a second pair of eyes to confirm I'm not crazy...now I'm worried that all my tests are unreliable.
In terms of performance and optimizations: When constructing a table in SQL Server, does it matter what order I put the columns in? Does it matter if my primary key is the first column? When constructing a multi-field index, does it matter if the columns are adjacent? Using ALTER TABLE syntax, is it possible to specify in what position I want to add a column? If not, how can I move a column to a difference position?
Hessian has c++ binding/lib, what's the issue/pain?
I have a virtual machine running windows 2003 server running MOSS 2007. This virtual machine is not being run on my dev machine, but on a different machine on the network. I can ping both the host and guest OS from my dev machine. I just need to know, if it is possible, how to configure visual studio 2008 to deploy the web parts/projects/etc to the remote VM when I do this: Any input will be greatly appreciated! Thanks.
Lately, bringing the help window from Visual Studio is taking a long time. Even updating the help system takes an awful long time. Is there something broken with my installation?
I'm using this installation for a non-networked demo of the application, and I'll only have my laptop there. I toyed with a virtual machine on my laptop, though I'm afraid the speed would hamper my demo.
Maybe, things have changed since then?
Most of the time I'd simply add a .txt file to the solution or abuse comments to do it. However, if you use the scratch pad to store todo lists et cetera you can use TODO: in your comments and visual studio will add them to the built in todo list.
You can get IDs or classes on elements, but you cannot really retrieve the "selector" of an element. You can use `width()` and `height()` to get the dimensions.
If you handle the RowDataBound event you can check the value of the data and modify the attributes of the cell or apply a different style in that event handler. That should give you what you are looking for. Let me know if you need it in VB rather than C#. Good Luck!
I've had great success with 's Auto-Suggest implementation. It includes PHP examples too.
All but one of the answers you got provide another frightening example of how people can get very basic C syntax wrong.
Faststrings is leaps and bounds faster than the normal Delphi StringReplace function. I really hope Peter releases a new version for Delphi 2009.
I understand that letting any anonymous user upload any sort of file in general can be dangerous, especially if it's code. However, I have an idea to let users upload custom AI scripts to my website. I would provide the template so that the user could compete with other AI's in an online web game I wrote in Python. I either need a solution to ensure a user couldn't compromise any other files or inject malicious code via their uploaded script or a solution for client-side execution of the game. Any suggestions? (I'm looking for a solution that will work with my Python scripts)
You should look into the SDL library () as it supports multiple platforms and has bindings for a variety of programming languages. It also supports OpenGL. Good luck!
If you need portable Python audio library try . It certainly has a mac port. As for mp3 files: it's certainly doable in "raw" Python, only I'm afraid you'd have to code everything yourself :). If you can afford some external library I've found some here.
I'm writing a basic chat program, and I need to notify the user that the other person closed the app. I have my own protocol, and I've already added a "Quit" message. The only drawback is that it isn't sent if the app is killed/crashes/etc.
For all your keydown/keyup/keyboard needs, use the jQuery hotkeys plugin. Saw this a few months ago and it never fails to impress it. Follow the jump for the plugin demo ... It maps ALL keys on a keyboard including combos. Hope it helps!
Now owned by Syntellect at Syntellect.com.
For an excellent event manager class, check Danny Miller's: http://k2xl.com/wordpress/2008/07/02/as3-eventmanager-class-removealllisteners/
What are the ways to retrieve data submitted to the web server from a form in the client HTML in ASP.NET?
Is there an easy way to find parse errors in javascript code? Last week I was debugging a javascript problem where the first javascript function that was called gave an 'object expected' error. I later determined that this was because the browser wasn't able to parse my javascript code. I eventually solved the problem but it was a painful process that involved pouring over my code line by line, trying to find my mistake. There must be an easier way.
rise, rise from the dead!
Hey, I saw that you used asyncsocket to get the desired result. Any chance I could pick your brains about this sometime? I'm @suprfrends on twitter. It would be GREATLY appreciated!
I'm pretty sure I never said "excellent abstraction". It's not meant to hide the details of the Win32 API, it's meant to provide a means to develop applications that use the Win32 API faster, and more uniformly, while still making it easy to call directly into the Win32 API when necessary or convenient. At that, it is excellent.
How would you manage the lifecycle and automated build process when some of the projects (C# .csproj projects) are part of the actual build system? Example: A.csproj is a project that uses MSBuild tasks that are implemented in BuildEnv.csproj. Both projects are part of the same product (meaning, BuildEnv.csproj frequently changes as the product is being developed and not a 3rd party that is rarely updated)
goooooooooooooood!
I just flashed back to an old Broderbund game... Can't remember the name of it. Awful CGI graphics, lots of cannon battles in old ships... Maybe the first pirates game? Damn, that was an AWFUL game. Had a rollup scroll in it.
I need some drawings in my tableview. How can i do this. Any help will be greatly appreciated!!
i have a cache that uses WeakReferences to the cached objects to make them automatically removed from the cache in case of memory pressure. My problem is that the cached objects are collected very soon after they have been stored in the cache. The cache runs in a 64-Bit application and in spite of the case that more than 4gig of memory are still available, all the cached objects are collected (they usually are stored in the G2-heap at that moment). There are no garbage collection induced manually as the process explorer shows. What methods can i apply to make the objects live a litte longer?
That's funny, this is exactly what I am attempting to figure out the best way to do at the moment. I had thought of using a ViewStack, but as I already have a lot of other nested ViewStacks being used, I was also looking into the State tag. If anyone knows "the right thing" to do I'll be very interested too!
So i have design a programming languages and got far enough that i wrote example code and started writing BNF. I want to know is there a checklist of things i may want to do before writing the rest of my BNF? what should i do afterward? i am afraid implementation will take a long time (its as complex as and maybe more then C++). What are things i should do or things i should consider?
whatever you do DONT write your own reverse proxy.. it always ends in tears.
If I were you I'd tackle it in a slightly different way. Why not add all the data onto your page, but just hide it and only reveal when you want it. That way you don't have to worry about closures and whatnot.
@Suma How can this be a duplicate if the question you mentioned was posted a year after this one?
ROFL!! I love the comparison to getting married...
Consider this HTML: On all browsers but Firefox/Mac, it renders correctly, i.e bold and non-bold text are on the same baseline. On Firefox/Mac, there is a 1px baseline difference between the bold and non-bold texts. See below for screenshot. Left is Safari 3.2.3, right is Firefox 3.0.10. Is there any way to fix this e.g with some CSS, other than to go quietly cry in the corner and use Arial (which I'd not want to do — I'd stay with Helvetica Neue if I could).
If you're running on Windows, you could do something similar using PowerShell. This could be extended pretty easily to find all unversioned and ignored files and delete them. Hope that's helpful to someone!
I'm trying to get better performance out of this Oracle query (which is terribly slow). I'm an Oracle beginner so maybe someone can point out a better way to approach this query. I have a table with information on different families. I want to extract the different relationships based on a relationship type. The solution I came up with uses a hash join to query the database...
The .NET installation is one of the most painful setups of all history, in all means possible. I've did many such setups and about half of them even *crashed* for XP.
Yes, these queries are horrible. Do a regular join instead.
If you are worried that the overhead of calling functions is slowing you down, why not test inlining the C code or turning it into macros? Also, why not improve the const correctness of the C code while you are at it - const_cast should really be used sparingly, especially on interfaces you control.
You also might want to check out Uche Ogbuji's excellent XML Data Binding Library, Amara: (Documentation here: ) The cool thing about Amara is that it turns an XML document in to a Python object, so you can just do stuff like: (which creates a Record element that contains Name and Value elements (which in turn contain the values of the name and value variables)).
An excellent `pushd`/`popd` installation appears [here](http://blogs.oracle.com/nico/entry/ksh_functions_galore) in one of Oracle's blogs - presumably relating to its use in Solaris.
Awesome drawing!
The Tumblr iPhone app looks awful --both the gradients and the unnecessary boxed look imposed by the gray border. Stick to the standard UITableView look. What Apple uses for *their* apps is what looks most professional, not random novelty stuff.
If you are moving to a new page in the same browser window, Zack Mulgrew and Bobby Jack both have excellent answers. If you are opening the eshop link in a new window, there is not much you can do with css alone, and gs has a reasonable answer except for the choice of class name of (red). Which is it?
Wow, would have expected a quick answer on this! Well, found my own answer: you can't have more than one exception with except. See the here. Instead, they recommend creating a Filter. .
Ok, now it is 2014 and you should never use `eval` in order to parse a JSON string because you would be exposing your code to "code injection". Use `JSON.parse(yourString)` instead.
I need to specifically catch SQL server timeout exceptions so that they can be handled differently. I know I could catch the SqlException and then check if the message string Contains "Timeout" but was wondering if there is a better way to do it?
The following (cut down) code excerpt is a Linq-To-Entities query that results in SQL (via ToTraceString) that is much slower than a hand crafted query. Am I doing anything stupid, or is Linq-to-Entities just bad at optimizing queries? I have a ToList() at the end of the query as I need to execute it before using it to build an XML data structure (which was a whole other pain). While working on this, I've also has some real problems with Dates. When I just tried to include returned dates in my data structure, I got internal error "1005".
Yes, the question mentioned it won't work. I was trying to describe why it wasn't terribly important to even try to do it that way.
If I am using IIS 7.0 + Server 2008/Vista Enterprise, any ways from IIS 7.0 side to control the upload speed? For example, max upload speed at 1M bytes/second? Any configuration based easy solution is great! And any programming based solution is also appreciated. :-) thanks in advance, George
I'm working on a package which includes rescaling of images in PHP. For image rescaling, PHP has the GD and ImageMagick libraries. Are those likely to be part of a given client's PHP install already? Is there a "default" install of PHP, for that matter? By default, are either GD or ImageMagick included? If neither is installed, should I have some sort of horrible fallback position of reading, rescaling, and saving GIFs, JPGs, and PNGs, or is it simple to add GD or ImageMagick to an existing install?
My experiences sound similar to yours. I've only just started using doctrine, and have never used Propel. However I am very disapointed in Doctrine. It's documentation is terrible. Poorly organised, and quite incomplete.
As title, basically I have a user control placed inside a page and then the page is placed inside the master page. I want to extract a block of javascript and put it back to the page head. When I try to wrap the code inside any block control (e.g. a div runat server) and access divID.InnerText then ASP.NET bust off with I dont want to extract JS inside cs file, thats awfully ugly approach (all sort of escapes and people wont even notice you have JS written unless they drill your CS file), what can I do?
Note that this doesn't use a StringBuilder, so will have horrible performance for very long sequences.
Agreed. Don't do this, it makes people cry.
There's a discussion related to this and one . Essentially, you use Invoke to accomplish it. Best of luck!
I have developed my site with Firefox and firebug plugin, but when i deploy it to other browsers (IE/Chrome), the console window appears at the bottom of the screen(very annoying). How can i disable this? and why is it appearing? gath
My experience - If you know the requirements of a project well and if they can be easily achieved with standard ssis components with a minimum of scripting, then SSIS might be the way to go. Otherwise, its a pain.
jQuery chokes on certain JSON keys. I was sending this JSON snippet in PHP: Renaming the 'result' key to something else works. I would guess this is a reserved word collision of some kind, and could be a bug in jQuery (1.4.2).
he hates p tags, clearly ;)
Actually, Flash is not always slow and it doesn't always take all that much code.
Please do have a look at django-rest-framework, I just stepped over from tastypie to this new framework, works great! Especially the class based views and the browsable api! and many other advantages (e..g. to upload images)
This is pretty much Python-independent! It's a classic example of Unix interprocess communication. One good option is to use to open a pipe between the parent and child processes, and pass data/messages back and forth along the pipe. Take a look at the , which can set up the necessary pipes automatically while spawning child processes.
I always tend to forget these built-in symfony functions for making links.
All the formatting templates in Eclipse will put the plus on the next row (which I find really annoying), so you can simply apply the code formatter and the plus will end up on the next row.
The obvious way to plot a path with virtual earth (VEMap.GetDirections) is limited to 25 points. When trying to plot a vehicle's journey this is extremely limiting. How can I plot a by-road journey of more than 25 points on a virtual earth map?
Have you tried the and methods? There is a that mentions the approach. Also, in JDBC 4.0 Sun added the that allows you to get a unique handle on a row. The feature is supported by Oracle and DB2. For sql server you will probably need a third party driver such as . Good luck!
Great!.. works as advertised - Thanks aku. Voting you closer to the 5K mark :)
Just started testing as a CRM solution for our company. Someone asked for a Google map on the page showing our upcoming engagements. I know Zoho provides an API that allows accessing its data from the outside, but I actually need to integrate the map on the data-entry form. If anyone could provide a pointer to any mashup with Zoho CRM (be it Google MAps, Bing Maps, or any similar web service), I would be extremely grateful.
will a thread sleeping for a long time get killed cleanly when your app is told to exit (if the exit occurs before the time happens)?
I have a string with some markup which looks like this: I'm trying to strip away everything except the anchor elements with "entry://id=" inside. Thus the desired output from the above example would be: Writing this match, the closest I've come so far is: But I can't figure out why this doesn't work. Any help (apart from the "why don't you use a parser" :) would be greatly appreciated!
+1. Brian, you saved me from hours and hours of research, great insight!
that _is_ sad news
It's usualy known as [Board presentation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Board_representation).
There is a function IsWindow which does exactly what you asked for. Look at for more information.
I have an application that is being built using Qt. It will be running on machines that will have two (or more) network cards. I need the ability for my application to select which ethernet interfaces for a TCP connection. Before anyone suggests it I cannot guarenteed that routing tables will be setup correctly. I know how to do this using the windows socket classes but have been unable to find anything about it for Qt. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
I have a password that I want to store as property in a Web Part that can be set via the tool pain. Currently it is a String and can be clearly read. How would I go about making it * out? If this is the wrong way to be doing this what would you advice to do instead?
Great link! Thanks. I might use this document if we move over to C++ in our robots.
You could implement your own malloc/free without worrying about the underlying OS.
Great descriptions of all the answers !
If I understand the question, then Resharper calls this 'inline method' - Ctrl - R + I
You could also group the characters by language. Load each language table as needed, and when you need to switch languages, unload the previous language table and load the new one.
You can look at OpenOffice Base. I tried it out awhile back when it first came out and it seemed awfully slow and it didn't seem feature complete either. But it is free and open source :o)
That makes sense, but the issue for me was that I had no way of knowing a PrefixQuery actually became a BooleanQuery.
Entering "udp://host:666" in the location bar doesn't work very well. Is there any work-around for sending a single "empty" datagram to a host using an ordinary web browser? The response is no issue since the use case I'm think about is port knocking ("http://host:666" doesn't work well since browsers tend to repeat the request if there is no response, thus violating the designated knock sequence).
"Rendered instantly" sounds way better than "Rendered in less than a second".
Not sure what you mean by "child form". Perhaps it's a button on a panel on a form? Or is it a MDI thing? Or is the child form a dialog box?
When I do: It searches the entire system. How do I prevent that? (This question comes from an "" to another question.)
@Raubi: Which bit? It's still going to be horribly inefficient for long sequences, as it's still doing an enormous amount of string concatenation.
Thanks Greg, that looks to be an excellent document to read, I'm printing it now.
I have used in Python with great success. However, I am trying to learn Scala. I have an IRC bot that I would like to add some features to, mostly having to do with screen scraping web pages from our corporate intranet. That requires being redirected to a corp-wide login page, then going to the destination, then having to possibly submit another login. Does anyone know of something that I can use from Scala to get this sort of functionality?
This is just syntax sugar over what Eugene wrote. I'm afraid that this generator could be very slow if grids are sufficiently large. After all, each yield still requires four index lookups.
When using sIFR on the titles (.content h1.pagetitle) in my WP theme, it somehow messes up the spacing and pushes the title down. The actual flash video is the same size as the font, so I think it has something to do with CSS, though I've tried just about everything I could think of and can't get it lined up properly. Here's a link to the site: Any help would be absolutely appreciated :) Sean
Excellent method and exactly what I need right now. I wish I could upvote this twice.
I have a method that does a bunch of things; amongst them doing a number of inserts and updates. It's declared thusly... It works exactly as it is supposed to and I have no problems with it. There are situations however when I want to force the rollback in spite of there not being an exception... at the moment, I'm forcing an exception when I encounter the right conditions, but it's ugly and I don't like it. Can I actively call the rollback somehow? The exception calls it... I'm thinking maybe I can too.
I agree most important is not what style one uses but it being consistent. With that said, the new MS/.NET styling for private fields tends to be _fooVar (underscore followed by a camelCased name)
Do any of you know of a tool that will search for .class files and then display their compiled versions? I know you can look at them individually in a hex editor but I have a lot of class files to look over (something in my giant application is compiling to Java6 for some reason).
I don't know why the editor is giving me so much trouble. At first the code blocks wouldn't do anything but indent, so I had to change it to pre tags. Then my carefully numbered sequence is now all 1s. This thing is making me look ridiculous!
The above code sample uses 100% cpu until DONE is true. How can I implement a program that loops and only terminates when DONE, but which doesn't use 100% cpu? Modern languages use something like App.ProcessMessages or something like that to give the OS the control for the moment and then return to the loop. I'm new at C, obviously... using latest GCC, linux and windows (a portable solution would be great!)
From my own experience, Microsoft SQL Compact Framework is a REAL NO-GO. It is REALLY FREAKING slow and its Query Analyzer is just really poor. I had to ask my team to rewrite all the plumbing code of my Windows Mobile component to get rid of the awful performances of SQL CE.
Usability notes: Personally I hate when sites put the "forgot password" or "forgot username" or "help" links inbetween the password field, and the Login button. As a keyboard user, I shouldn't have to TAB over them to get to the submit button. Better yet, also capture the Enter keypress on the password field so that I can auto-submit with the Enter key.
A (it doesn't have to be a class; structs and interfaces can be partial too) is basically a single type which has its code spread across multiple files. The main use for this is to allow a code generator (e.g. a Visual Studio designer) to "own" one file, while hand-written code is put in another. I've no idea whether Python/Perl have the same capabilities, I'm afraid.
The issue comes into play if you color a div, and set its opacity to make it transparent. If you then want to put text on this div, the text is transparent, and that isn't always desirable.
Can you show us some code? Extremely difficult to diagnose otherwise.
I know its possible to convert an image to CS_GRAY using however, this is a chokepoint of my entire program. I need to do this often, on 800x600 pixel images and takes about 200-300ms for this operation to complete, on average. I know I can do this alot faster by using one for loop to loop through the image data and set it right away. The code above on the other hand constructs a brand new 800x600 BufferedImage that is gray scale. I would rather just transform the image I pass in. Does any one know how to do this with a for loop and given that the image is RGB color space?
Today I saw a demonstration of the episerver cms and it had a few features that I really liked. One was that items in the treview on the left that had no version for the current language was shown in an italic font. It shouldn't be to hard to implement this into Sitecore, anyone got any ideas? BR Larre
Got it! Thank you all for helping me reach a great "Aha!" moment :-) ...hopefully after I spend some more time in WPF I'll understand why this works.
That's just a 16 character requirement with an optional 2 character afterwards: The parentheses may not be required - I'm not enough of a regex guru to know offhand, I'm afraid. If anyone wants to edit it, do feel free...
I'm not sure that link works anymore.
Amazingly useful - thanks a bunch, Aleksandar!
You may be looking for a solution similar to Josh Smith's "". In his article, he presents the following: And then uses the multi-value converters as follows: Hope this helps!
I'm integrating protobuf-net into our WCF services based solution but have ran into a snag that I can't figure out. The following class will serialize fine, all except for the ObjectId property. Here's the class that's toying with me: I've tried multiple things with no luck. Any thoughts would be greatly appreciated!
This guy seems to have your answer.
I agree, your exemple is terrible ;)
I don't think that you can... But if you can I'd love to see how!
Another option would be to make sure the D3D surface is the same size as the client rectangle size (). Then you know you'll render to the appropriate size and not have to worry at all about the width of menus, borders, etc.
What are you trying to sort? Is there any reason not to use: I'm sure this uses QuickSort and you don't have to worry about making any coding errors. You can implement IComparable to change what you want to sort on. If all your data doesn't fit in memory... well the you're off to the races with Merge sort or something along those lines.
You've said "For the sole purpose of reporting". Does this mean that the data is pulled into Oracle from some other system. If so, this would mean the design would not need to worry overly about normalization for update/integrity purposes.
They don't leak, but they will consume resources until they are garbage collected. The GC will call Dispose() on them. I don't think DataTable maintains a connection to the database, so you wouldn't have to worry about calling Dispose() or Close() on it. to a similar question.
"Most merchants I have worked with were scared to death of exactly that". There are few things scarier to a business than, "we're taking away your ability to get money".
Because of abuse by spammers, many Tor egress nodes decline to emit port 25 (SMTP) traffic, so you may have problems.
I would like to strip everything in a string before a - and leave what's after that. For example: 15.11-101 I want to strip 15.11 and leave 101. I've tried a few different things, but can't seem to get it working, if anyone could help me out, that'd be fantastic :) Cheers Leanne
This is a great question.. my approach for solving this question would be to ask: Given a list of items, what is the popability of choosing two consecutive items from the list which are sorted. As the list becomes more sorted, the probability will approach 100%. To calculate this probability is relatively simple: I hope this helps!
I have ci, so our staging environment builds itself. Should I have a script that not only builds production but does all the branching for it as well? When you have 1 code base on 2 different urls with skinning, should they be required to build at once?
I can't help, but good luck! What a great game that was. Will this be a commercial release?
Since there are two different Open-source libraries ( and ) to handle writing & extracting files from a zip file, why worry about doing it yourself?
I'm working on importing data from our application into Oracle Financials GL. It seems simple with the GL_INTERFACE table, and many resources online, but I don't seem to understand it. I'm looking for a simple way to post a transaction of $X on a specific date, between 2 or more accounts. I'm terrified of incorrectly posting anything in the GL.
Are you suffering from either of the issues in ?
@MajesticRa: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.windows.forms.timer.aspx See Text in yellow box
is excellent for scripts; is standard for classes. As Ben says, think of it as "Object" -- but it is much cooler in that it does not constrain you to the Object methods. This has neat implications with respect to imports. e.g. In this snippet I have to import FileChannel e.g. But here I can just 'wing it' as long as everything is on the classpath
Probably has something to do with the unbearable bugginess of the Telerik RadControls suite
How awesome would it be if the Delphi IDE would put code in 2 formats on the clipboard, so that code that is copied and pasted in e-mails or word-documents has proper highlighting instead of plain text?!
Good luck!
I used the same approach as Chris Wenham. Under load, performance suffers because new NotifyCollectionChangedEventArgs need to be allocated for each Enqueue/Dequeue. Regardless, in the Enqueue, send args with NotifyCollectionChangedAction.Add, the item added, and Count-1 as the index. In the Dequeue, send args with NotifyCollectionChangedAction.Remove, the item removed, and index 0.
Sweet :) Happy hacking!
I don't think that it is possible to compare a shelved version with a local version in Visual Studio, however I'll be very happily corrected on the matter.
Ironically years later, I'm wondering why in the world I wanted to do this. I hate apps that do this.
Are you worried about "impinging on Newkir's work" for copyright/plagiarism reasons?
And on that note, if there is a library out there that does, that will do fine :)
How can I call a custom action dll written in managed code (.net) from an installer without using an unmanaged intermediary?
from a really geeky perspective, that is really cool!
@sambo99: I'm really not sure what you mean, I'm afraid.
I know you can have pre and post build events at a project level, but I want to stop and start a service at the beginning and end of a build of the solution -- i.e. when I do a 'Build Solution' the service is stopped and the last action of the build is to re-start the service. There are no build events on the solution property page, so what should I do? I'm guessing that I can add tasks to the msbuild file but I'm afraid I don't understand the relationship between VS and msbuild at all. Does VS execute msbuild with the SLN file?
I'll second the NI Measurement Studio. I've plotted 1000 points/sec with NI Measurement Studio's chart control. Also, this test was done on a laptop with a very lousy video card. AFAIK, Measurement Studio is using OpenGL internally.
I hate writing migrations, but it's important for the schemas to stay in sync. What I'd much rather do is update my and have Rails notice, then run something which generates the appropriate migration based on the difference between the old version and the current version. Is there a way I can do that?
I think using RSA encryption for anything but key transport is abuse. Generate a new key for a symmetric cipher and encrypt your bulk data with that. Then encrypt the key with RSA. Send the symmetrically-encrypted cipher-text along with the asymmetrically-encrypted content encryption key to your recipient.
it cannot be done through explorer.exe
But definitely agree that in 99% of cases office interop is horrible.
Glad to see I'm not the only one who got that! The free book is actually really exciting; it will definitely motivate you to do peer code review.
Is there a keyboard shortcut or macro to collapse all regions in Visual Studio's toolbox? (Failing either of those, I'll take an addin that allows this!)
I'm absolutely staggered by the amazing response I've received in the last 10 minutes! Thankyou all so much for your answers. Very, very helpful.
These are the tables: How would I do to list the last commented thread on top? This is currently how it looks: I can't figure this one out folks. So if someone could give me an hand that would be great! Cheers!
I wonder if you know how to get hideshow work with new modes. For instance, I have some extraneous code I want to hide with R. With folding-mode it can simply be I thought the hideshow equivalent would be but I think there is some magic in hs-forward-sexp that I am not sure how to figure out? I tried adapting a function written for (replacing the regex search on region/endregion with {{{ and }}}) but no luck! I wonder if the solution is obvious to a veteran out there... Thanks much!
Basically, the doctype determines how crazy IE is going to be. If you don't set it to XHTML, or "strict" you'll be living in a world of hurt when it comes to IE (even if you set it, you'll still be hating on IE, but it does make it a lot better).
I found this about wrapping strings using parens extremely useful, but is there a way in Vim to make this happen automatically? I want to be within a string, typing away, and have Vim just put parens around my string and wrap it as necessary. For me, this would be a gigantic time saver as I spend so much time just wrapping long strings manually. Thanks in advance. Example: I type the following text: Vim automatically does this when I hit column 80 with the string:
Not really, no. I basically just took JaredPar's word for it that the threadID would be reasonably stable, used this during testing, and then changed the interface to react to OnMouseMove events instead for the final deployment. I didn't do that originally because it means passing events up through a whole chain of Controls and is generally just a pain in the ass. It is, however, more reliable than the above method, which only failed once or twice during the whole of testing, but did fail.
@Pax, from my personal experience, somehow I always get faster and more reliable results when I'm using tables. But every time I did that, I feel guilty.
Very interesting! The code it produces does not work for me but the code is definitely useful as an example. I'll mark this answer as accepted since it seems unlikely an actual reference that says more than MSDN even exists.
I was afraid of that. Poorly formatted code really bothers me. I guess I'll learn to live with it.
thank you so much as long you replace char(0) with 0 in the above this works great!
What is the C++ application using? You can always use the same thing or wrap the timer code from C++ into a C++/CLI class.
I'm looking for some open source alternative to create reports from classic asp they don't have to be something awfully elaborated, we rather find some simple product that allows us to generate pdf files from a data set. we were thinking about developing some kind of service that took an xml as input and returned a pdf, probably with jasperreports or any other free tool... we also looked for a component that could convert plain html to pdf, adding some special tags to handle pagination and layout... any idea?
We use asp.net where I work and we are using c# as the language. Will c# 3.0 work with asp.net 2.0? Ive been trying to pick up some books on c#, but not sure which I should be buying, any help would be greatly appreciated!
How did u do that on linux ?
I have a series of UIViews inside a UIScrollView, and the UIViewControllers for those views are not receiving the touch events. If I take the views out of the scroll view then it works. I have enabled userInteraction on the views but it's still not working! This must be possible and I'd be really grateful if someone could point me in the right direction! Thanks, Mike
I would recommend 2 things: - Calculate and combine polygons that are touching. This involves a LOT of processing and hard math, but I've done it so I know it's possible. - Create your own overlay instead of using KML in PNG format, while you combine them in the previous suggestion. You'll have to create a LOT of PNGs but it is blazing fast on the client. Good luck :)
So for example if I need to run Git Pull in the commandline, I need to specify the full path to everything...? That's really annoying.
Tried this. Failed miserably. See http://stackoverflow.com/questions/528224/how-to-use-linux-fonts-in-windows-qt
Did you ever figure this out? I've had to post a dupe because I cant : http://stackoverflow.com/questions/652621/flexbuilder-web-services-list-empty
I agree. 1 "interface" to worry about and flexible to add others if necessary.
I am crying on the inside. And on the outside.
At this time, I'm doing this : dateSelected value look this : Fri Sep 11 2009 00:00:00 GMT+0200 (Romance Daylight Time) 2 Options : a) Is it possible to use this in .NET directly (string to DateTime) ? b) I tried several way to return dd/mm/yyyy without success Regards,
Curious that none of them considered Stopwatch yet? Precise and bigger than , not involving OS horrific perf counters, WMI or native calls, and well really simple:
You can also right click the method name and click "Find all References" in Visual Studio. I personally would just do a CTRL + SHIFT + H to
It proved the point. They are very excited about SO now.
I find it comes back periodically. What's most frustrating about it is that everytime it does come back, it breaks WebDeploy as the account under which that runs does not have access to delete the aspnet_client folder created!
I have included it as written, but when dragging controls from the Toolbox, they still get a "green line" below the ajaxtoolkit tag - and the intellisense does not popup as expected... is there anything else needed?
Say I have a Employees table (PK is employeeID) and a sales table, where the sales table has a FK column for employeeID. Now when designing my deleteEmployee stored procedure, should I first delete rows in the Sales table or should I create seperate stored procedures to delete in each table, and then worry about that in my business logic layer?
Hate to say it, but how about just testing it?
Nearly everything coming out of Redmond draws their menus differently then plain Win32 menus. It really annoys me that this never makes into the OS. OS-level Windows menus are so far out of date that drawing them yourself is nearly a requirement these days.
Is it possible you have an older version lying around in your bin folder? Another alternative is that some other code is comipled against the older version. If all else fails you can use to force your new version.
I've got a couple of models. Neither have any list view other than their admin entries. For that reason, it's a bit of a pain to manually work out the URLs for model instances. I would like to show a link on the listing and detail admin views that takes me directly to the public view. I can do the nonsense that works creates the URL but I don't know how to get it to show in the admin. Any ideas?
This reply is incomplete: we currently have an app that is leaking permgen memory and the number of loaded classes is absolutely constant. Both facts can be seen by using JConsole. We suffer from the same problem as the original poster in that we have no way to analyze the permgen in detail.
Ah - make me look lazy! (guilty)
This project looks very promising - thanks!
Do you happen to know why LINQ doubly nests the actual `SELECT` statement? Is (was?) that a subtle performance tweak for some SQL Server version? I feel that the 2nd level could be merged with the 1st level.
Before you go that route, have you seen this: It's a series of articles about writing Effects (supported in .NET 3.5SP1) as fragment shaders that run on your GPU... Pretty neat stuff!
Ryan Oberoi makes an excellent suggestion, but it's a bit overkill for my small ASP.NET MVC web application. I like Lobstrosity's idea since it could apply to any class tag and its short and simple... just what I need. Both are good answers yet one solves the general question (involving a css framework) and the other one solves my specific need... I guess I should select Ryan's response as the solution as it would probably help others more... any suggestions?
We're looking at Drools/Guvnor, possibly integrated with jBPM (as in this ), to add a workflow engine to our Spring/Java EE app, but we're still in the very early phases of trying it out.
I'm just going through the same process! I was looking at this page: http://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/jdbc/basics/connecting.html which starts talking about coffee shops! At that point I gave up. You've got to love java/oracle documentation!
Question explicitly states MySQL
I think I've been using these terms interchangably / wrongly!
Thank you for all the great answers! Sam & Talljoe's answers accomplished this most simply using Linq. Thx again!
Also, if you are worried about trips to the db, make steps into a stored procedure. Then you have one trip.
Pretty much the conclusion I came up with also!
Great info! Thanks, Alex! :)
I've got a php array: I want to pass this array via jQuery AJAX, with this: And here's my jQuery: How can I pass the array, so that with the "replyMessage.php" page, I could take each ID from the Array, to do something like this: Any help is greatly appreciated!
Devexpress have a good one: The RangeTrackBarControl control extends the functionality provided by the TrackBarControl enabling end-users to select a range of values. Two sliders can be used to set the minimum and maximum values: you can get them free from: hope this helps!
There's some debate over that FAQ entry. Yes, by all means, answer your own question. But if you routinely have a set of pre-baked questions and answers, then this site just becomes a blog, rather than an exchange. You have the misfortune of picking a day when someone abused the spirit of that FAQ.
or a working iPhone example. With so many classes it's a pain to figure out what calls what
I am making an isometric game on the iPhone, and need a little help. What is the best way to go about calculating the path a object must take if it is thrown from one tile to another? I've been looking into using NSBezierPaths, but can't quite work out how to use them for the objects path? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
How to add some text between content tags. Say Wow it works!
Could someone tell me what the units the SetTimeout(int) method in the ICriteria interface uses? Is it milliseconds, seconds, minutes or other?
Rebol (600 Ko only) is based on antigrain geometry library which is Opensource It seems really great, can OpenGL do better ?
No prob. Good luck!
I once had to work with Japanese locale on Windows 2000. It was a nightmare. I feel your pain.
I am running applications on my windows server that run on Java 1.4 In the bottom right hand corner, Java wants me to update. Is this going to update to Java 1.6, or do these auto-updates only put out non breaking patches and my system will still be Java 1.4 Any insight would be great! Thanks.
I loved the visualization of the race. Well done.
This is sad, I told you how to handle raw packets, and I only got 3 votes, while the accepted answer has 8 votes and basically didn't answer the question...
This seems to work.
is limited to an accuracy of 55 milliseconds...
this is a terrible idea for webapps
"Software developers are always optimists -- just look at their estimating skils!" - Love it!!
Is there some official documentation on it?
I have exactly the same issue and am extremely interested in whether you found any solution.
Yup many hours later I found that a single panel that was wrapped around the section had a EnableViewState="false" added to it. Sad part is that I know I didn't add that because I didn't even know what it was until craig here mentioned it. Visual Studio must have added it sometime.
i am writing a flash app that receives its data over a XMLSocket. On the testmachine that worked really fine, but now the data will be ssl secured. Is there any XMLSSLSocket or something similar available? If not XMLSocket a normal SSLSocket would be a great help as well.
It's sad that this question was asked again [about 8 months later](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2049502/what-characters-are-allowed-in-email-address), and the new question has lots more votes, yet ALL of the information there is more outdated than the information here. I wish I could give all the answers here +5 or something.
To convert raster images to vectorial images, I found (free) to do an excellent job (comparable to VectorMagic, which is not free anymore by the way). In Inkscape, import your image and use the Path/Trace Bitmap function. It has a lot of control. Once you converted to a vectorial image, save it as a SVG. Then, using , you can convert to XAML vector data. (Path & Canvas)
I'm trying to write a batch process that can take an MP3 file and mute certain parts of it, ideally in Python or Java. Take this example: Given a 2 minute MP3, I want to mute the time between 1:20 and 1:30. When saved back to a file, the rest of the MP3 will play normally -- only that portion will be silent. Any advice for setting this up in a way that's easy to automate/run on the command line would be fantastic!
I'm wondering if its possible to join together IEnumerable's. Basically I have a bunch of users and need to get their content from the database so I can search and page through it. I'm using LINQ to SQL, my code at the moment it: I hope that make some sense! Matt
The other issue the number of variations in everyone's SIP implementation. Solving all of the integration issues would quickly eat up all your time. At $699 for OCS that just doesn't make much sense.
I have an asp:Menu control that has four different menu items in it. Each menu item has a graphic and a text description. My problem is the icon and text have no padding between them and it just looks ugly! Does anyone know how I can force a bit of padding between the image and text of the menu item? I've looked at all of the attributes on the asp:Menu control, but I haven't been able to find one for this, but I may have just missed it.
Perhaps you could deserialise the byte array using a known encoding and ensure that (a) it doesn't throw any exceptions, and (b) deserialises to the original string. It seems that from your description of the scenario, you may not have the original string readily available. Might there be a way to create it?
I've updated my post to contain sample C/C++ code
You can set the document.domain but if I remember correctly a few browsers (Opera) will not even allow this. I am afraid your answer is to create some sort of proxy on the subdomain that you can talk through
SCSS is not __better__ than SASS, just different. It all depends on how you are used to writing code. If you are used to HAML-style terseness, then you could argue that SASS is better (less lines of code, less syntax like braces, etc). Just pick your flavor and enjoy!
You should be able to add the attribute during OnPreRender(). INamingContainer is so painful sometimes...
Try <% if(ViewContext.ViewName == "Index"){%> Should work fine !!! EDIT : REMOVED IN BETA1 Removed the ViewName property from the ViewContext class.
Using NSIS is great (i use it too) but i would suggest using a "packager" like pyinstaller (my personal fav, alternatives bb_freeze, py2exe) to create an exe before the using NSIS The primary benefit you get by doing this is; Your download is smaller as you're not bundling the whole Python Standard Lib and extra stuff your app wont need and you get an exe file to boot!
If you are not completely allergic to Perl, then comes with a tool named that can split a document, producing well-formed XML section. You can split on a level of the tree, by size or on an XPath expression.
It is actually spelled "Asterisk"
Is there a way to call out from a TSQL stored procedure or function to a webservice?
Yup, wcf is a world of config pain, stick to asmx
Fails means it just does not execute the custom action!
Its amazing 1000+ questions tagged "programming" I just had to go find out how many quesitons were tagged "question" and there are some!! @Jon: FYI, SO is always about programming, non programming questions will very quickly get voted closed.
This is better than mine. Didn't know you could do a string array for formats. Very nice!
The following scripting is a custom addition to this Hover Fade Button; in my version it keeps the text of the button while changing the background images through css classes only. I have able to everything except when you click on another button you get two active buttons and so on. I like the buttons to hover {span.hover class}, click {span.active class}, and remove any other buttons with the span.active class and put back to regular state. Greatly appreciate a solution!
+1 for the docbkx Maven plugin, it provides everything needed to work with DocBook in a platform independent manner. It's an excellent tool even if you are not working on Java projects. http://code.google.com/p/docbkx-tools
I agree with PW. OPAL is an excellent choice. It supports audio and video devices It compiles on windows, linux, and a few others Also - I recommend using the SIP protocol (as opposed to H323) - You don't need to use Ekiga. Ekiga is a front-end to OPAL. You can take a look at the OPAL samples, and build up from those.
Thanks all, for the quick and excellent answers. With this gentle initiation into SO, I am encouraged to use it more. Hopefully, I can help answer questions, not just ask 'em. Cheers.
You're looking for an equivalent of and I'm afraid it doesn't exist explicitely in the STL. Go for Sebastien's answer if it is correct for your STL implementation.
I also have a crc32 algorithm here, in VB.NET
@grieve Marshalled python objects are tied to a specific version of Python (from [the marshal docs](http://docs.python.org/2/library/marshal.html)), but not being tied to a specific version of Perforce is definitely a bonus to using the command line.
Sounds like you are looking for a JSMin tool or similar. There are many tools which you can purchase, but there are also some online tools you can use: Good Luck!
Great question! There have already been a few questions that address A few:
The screen which shows whenever i start Netbeans is very annoying, and among the hundreds of options I can't find the one which turns it off?
Before sweating the details on size limits, do some math on how many images you'll have, what the average size will be and how much storage actually costs. You'll find that the time you spend worrying about it isn't worth it. The storage cost is so low that your time is probably better spent on other things.
A related question: Have you faced the issue of making the same code work with 2005 and 2008. If yes, how did you solve it?
I know how to query workitems, although I haven't been very successful finding info on the WIQL. There's one basic example that seems to get repeated everywhere. I'd like to be able to query changesets. Can I do it with tf.exe, tfpt.exe, or.. ?
WTF??? Why not just mark Enrico's answer as Answer instead of copying it over and marking your own answer? Stealing is bad, m'kay?!
Everytime I create a new IK handle in Maya via MEL, it creates an end effector named "effector1", or "effector2", depending on what is in my scene. I don't want to rely on the auto-name of the end effector, so I'm wondering if there is a way to either: a) name the effector at the create-time of the IK handle, or b) select the effector for a particular IK handle in MEL. Any help would be greatly appreciated -- thanks!
@Randolpho: Depends on how it is used. A common view is that any markup (HTML or otherwise) embedded in code is a horrible idea (see Uncle Bob's book on that)
Is there a VB6 equivalent to the C/C++ 'continue' keyword? In C/C++, the command 'continue' starts the next iteration of the loop. Of course, other equivalents exist. I could put the remaining code of the loop in an if-statement. Alternatively, I could use a goto. (Ugh!)
If I use a nvarchar(n) column as a clustered index on a SQL Server database, am I going to suffer a significant performance hit compared to a numeric (int) index? Also how does the performance of compound indexes compare?
I'm looking for experiences with deploying Crystal reports (the basic version, bundled with VS2008) into a production environment. Are there any restrictions? Does it limit the number of concurrent users? Other than downloading and installing the CRRedist2008_x86.msi on the production server, anything to worry about? (And judging from the comments here and other places, yes it would be better to find another solution, but unless there's something free that works with VS2008/IIS6, we're stuck with it for now).
That's clever, but the performance must be HORRIBLE. Not that I'm saying there's a better answer, just shuddering at the O(n^2) of it.
I am trying to construct a page layout, where the left column has a fixed width and a height of 100% (of whatever the right column is) and the right column has a fluid width. I've tried various ways of doing it, but can't seem to get it right.. Here's my code: And my css is: If someone could help me out, that would be fantastic :)
No you can't. That awful thing doesn't work in managed mode or mixed mode.
Its not One is it? I have a method that gets five Lists from different repositories. Each call opens and closes a new Datacontext. Is this ok to do or should I wrap everything in One datacontext. In this case it is not straightforward to use the same datacontext, but i am afraid that opening and closing numerous datacontext in one page request is not good.
leppie, those are great news! I am looking forward to try out IronScheme!
Crashes for me on a virtual machine without Flash loaded. I hate annoying Flash embeds as much as the next guy, but “using it is BAD” might be overegging it slightly...
FYI, if your test needs so much setup that you need a 'helper' class, you're going to have pain and friction down the line.
What I need to know is if adding custom classes and properties to the IIS metabase schema will cause any running app pools to restart or sessions to be killed off?
You could go with for free, or something like (which is EXCELLENT) if you are willing to pay. I hope I've understood your question.
The question was "how important". Answer: it is NOT important at all. If you don't have a dozen servers running this app already, then this is probably early optimization, and as we all know, early optimization is the root of all evil. In other words: don't even worry about it. There are a lot of other things to optimize speed before you should even consider this.
personally, if you think you can do huge amounts of refactoring, why not get the other student to come and sit with you and as you go, he/she can ask questions and maybe he/she has some ideas of their own. Our industry moves fast, as I'm sure you know, so your partner won't encounter other devs as forgiving as you. I've added this as a comment because it doesn't actually answer your question about unit testing. Just wanted to give you something else to think about. Good luck!
I've hit this before. It has to do with the fact that lucene, under the covers, turns many (all?) things into boolean queries when you call Query.rewrite() From:
I've struggled with this in the past and tried to elevate permissions using caspol and it was a real pain. I ended up converting it to a click once app in 30 minutes and never had a problem with it since.
Doesn't this just tell me the maximum number of connections that I will allow on the database, not the maximum that it has achieved???
God, that was terrible; I left the link to my library as the one I use for my own server. Should work now... : ) And, Pim, they're not entirely random; the library's for my own personal use, so I tend to just pick letters that make sense to me: [r]eturn, [s]teps, [g]radient, [f]ade count...
examples of input and output would be extremely helpful here.
I am trying to search my bash history similarly as with CTRL-r, but to forward direction. It has been a pain for me, when I just hit once too often CTRL-r, to find the previous command again. How can you forward search your Bash history similarly as in reverse searching?
I have two different asp.net web applications both referencing the same dll e.g. . I want to know if there is a way of adding some web.config setting to one of the application's config files to avoid the need to have two copies of the dll lying around. My [simplified] directory structure is as follows:
The Adobe example "works" in Firefox 3.0.1 in the sense that the background is transparent. However, in Firefox 3.0.1 and Safari 3.1.2 you must click the play button twice to see the animation.
talks about consuming WCF services in Silverlight, but claims: There will be no proxies, no generated code, no 3rd party utilities, and no disgusting "Add Service Reference" usage. What is so wrong with me adding a service reference in my Silverlight project? Are there hidden overheads? Or is it a case of Fear Of Auto Magic on the part of the author?
Hey, you guys are great, thanks a whole bunch! I will set up the environment in the cron script.
possible duplicate of [Is there an equivilent of C# Anonymous Delegates in Java?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1340231/is-there-an-equivilent-of-c-sharp-anonymous-delegates-in-java)
The first statement seems to pull back everything from the DB and then the second statement gets a subset. What if you just want a subset in the first place? I have 90,000 rows and just want page 4 of 10 rows.
I have full control of the deployment enviroment, it's an internal intranet application. Office interop/autmation is horrible, and while the documents are generated by C#, we use Aspose.Words. I can accept using interop.automation for printing, going to give it a try.
WPF is a fascinating platform to develop our next generation applications on! The ability to style just about anything, the databinding support and attached/dependency properties. Wow! But let's not throw caution to the wind because while WPF performance is great, it's not the best... yet. Definitely is a strong contender, but as developers we are still left with design principles for our front ends.
No worries, just a tip for future reference.
pr0n for sure :))))))) (kidding Jonathan)
How do I use Windows Authentication to connect to an Oracle database? Currently I just use an Oracle Username and password however a requirement is to give the user on install the option of selecting Windows Authentication since we offer the same as SQL.
As a tip: Sorting the whole mess can be very annoying if you had another class structure before. Use CodeMaid, which can do it automatically.
I know I can programatically make the taskbar item for a particular window start flashing when something changes, but is there any way I can stop it from flashing either programatically after a certain period of time or at least is there a keyboard shortcur I can give to my users to somehow stop the flashing?
I feel extremely comfortable dealing with 32-bit PowerPC assembly code, but I am completely lost when trying to make sense of x86 code. Do any of the other common architectures like ARM, MIPS, Sparc etc have an easier than x86 instruction set?
You...are...awesome!!!
Point 0 => good luck but god love ya for tryin'!
I've noticed this lag time also. Its really annoying when you go to /usr/bin to tell firefox what app to use to open a file and it lags for 10 seconds.
There are an awful lot of C/C++ libraries out there, most no longer updated. There's not much for C#, but I have seen a couple. I haven't really used any of them in anger, so I can't give any recommendations. I would start with and see if you find anything of use there. Alternatively, a search for on sourceforge.net has plenty of results.
i've got the following code which runs a bat file. the bat file then runs some .exe .. which does some stuff. The stuff takes aroun 5-10 seconds. What i'm trying to do is leave the command window open, even after the process terminates. Is there any way to do this? Otherwise, can i get all the output of that window going to my debugger instead, so i don't need to worry about this window remaining? cheers.
I've been looking at the project as well, which handles MP3/WMA/OGG. I don't know of a single library that handles audio and video files, so you might have to use a few.
I got 2 update panels in one page. After a request I want to check which update panel(s) got updated. I've read should be good for this :) However, whenever I get a postback in a non-IE browser, the panelID just returns null? It works very fine in IE... Here's a codesnippet: I got 2 updatepanels, both with conditional updatemodes: and Any help would be highly appreciated, and I'm open for alternative solutions which doesn't involve Thanks in advance :)
I have two namespaces: 1) Foo.Bar 2) Another.Foo.Bar From a class in namespace 2, how do I reference a class in namespace 1? Using Foo.Bar leaves you in namespace 2 still... I hope this is reasonably clear! Thanks.
One of the first cool demos in the 1.0 era was page turn photo book. The idea caught a bit of traction and Jeff Prosise wrote up a framework for it What I'm looking for is an update to 3.0 (or at least 2.0) While I appreciate Prosise effort, I'm not that thrilled about all the Javascript required to drive the application. Any pointers? This is primarily for a learning exercise, so canned controls are of limited interest.
LinqBridge only gives us Linq syntax on .NET 2.0. We still need an ORM.
Sorry, I'll clarify my answer as to what I mean by desktop Flash. Is the issue here that you want to impose limits, or you're afraid you'll exceed them? Or just checking whether there are any?
Yes, your PHP configuration has correctly got turned off, because that's incredibly insecure. Just put: at the top of your script. You can also use if you specifically only want this to work for the HTTP method. I've seen some people claim that is somehow insecure, but no evidence to back that up.
Dude I feel your pain, same issue here.
the following code should show either the port or servername not both i always get both no matter what ? i have also tried the follwoing with no joy either !! i just cannot get the condition to resolve thanks in advance
There is a plugin for Wordpress to help you with that. Hope that helps!
Also, it is worth including (in some fashion) the Service Pack downloads as well. In fact, depending on how your executables are built, you might be forced to install the Framework and the Service Packs.
Excellent. This just saved me hours of work.
Your LogErrors method is great! Literally saved me today.
I'm pretty sure you want a datetime or timestamp column in that table, too: I can't imagine a variant of the app you describe where it would be irrelevant WHEN a status update was posted!
Regarding WCF/FTP/WS-Attachment/DIME: Excellent suggestions and some interesting reading. These are probably the types of long term solutions that I will end up using. However if there was some short term solution for changing the upload size in IIS7 that would be excellent. Thanks.
Yes, there are, I'm afraid
We're using TFS and we're having problems when we switch branches, it's throwing up problems with the TFS bindings every single time. We still have .vspcc files .vsscc files which is I'm guessing where it stores the bindings, does anyone have any advice on how to easily switch between branches in TFS without pain?
Thanks for the answers. I've found a great sitemap generator over at codeplex. If anyone is interested you can check it out here: Enjoy!
I have a small WPF application that hosts a RichTextBox: As shown the code snippet above, I set the font size to 14. If I copy text from this RichTextBox to Microsoft Word or Microsoft WordPad, the font size is reported to be 10.5. Similar oddities persist if I paste text from Word or WordPad. I have verified that the text being selected from my app is sized at 14. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
The answers below are from Pre-Java 8. Post Java 8 see the answers in this thread: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20311779/is-there-delegate-in-java-8-jdk8
I have a bunch of .NET frameworks installed on my machine. I know that with the Java JDK, I can use the 6.0 version to target 5.0 and earlier. Can I do something similar with the .NET framework - target 1.0 and 2.0 with the 3.0 framework?
That is why I said "depending" and "may be able to". There are many options within autohotkey including automating a search, I just gave one example.
The problem is that "Hello World" is a terrible example to use with TDD. You really need something that generates variable output based on variable input.
see Binary Worrier's suggestion to psuedo-inline that into an extension method.
Well, I did say " In C# 2.0 and above, generics usually make a better option than array covariance.". I'm afraid I had to cancel my +1 on your last post to +1 this... I'm all out for today...
Not only that, but as the software ages they feel the need to upgrade simply because they know, every time they reference it, that they're using Office 1997, for example. Great for upgrade encouragement! Although even better is a message on the splash screen, "Version 2008 is available now!"
Thanks to the two of you that answered. What I ended up doing (in case anyone else is interested!) was processing the openid login like normal, but NOT saving the new user to the database. Instead, I stored their information in a session var and asked them for the remaining information before adding them to the db and logging them in. Hope this helps!
He might say he didn't work on the Mac port of Excel :p
We're looking for a package to help identify and automatically rotate faxed TIFF images based on a watermark or logo. We use libtiff for rotation currently, but don't know of any other libraries or packages I can use for detecting this logo and determining how to rotate the images. I have done some basic work with OpenCV but I'm not sure that it is the right tool for this job. I would prefer to use C/C++ but Java, Perl, or PHP would be acceptable too.
How about an extension method that calls the actual () implementation? The only downside is you have to add . This works because the parameter (via ) infers a type for . As an alternative (if the is a pain), consider making it static, with an instance argument that is used primarily for type inference:
Awesome sketch!
possible duplicate of [How to update Linq to SQL dbml file?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1110171/how-to-update-linq-to-sql-dbml-file)
This is a great question! I would love to see some real world analysis on this.
completely agree, there are excellent answers provided here to this question
I could easily be wrong about that, most of my work is this horrid single threaded behemoth..
Jim did a great job!
I want to limit my users to a directory and its sub directories but the "Parent Directory" button allows them to browse to an arbitraty directory. How should I go about doing that?
expected about 600 users. I am worried that running 1200+ queries (should be much more than that) will eventually result in a timeout... now i am worrying whether I am creating a discussion rather than a QnA
The minute you start down the road to control memory is the minute you start making a mistake. If you have REQUIREMENTS for memory, don't use .NET. If you don't have requirements, stop worrying about memory. .NET manages memory better than you ever could. Stop it. Leave it alone. No. Bad. Stop.
I agree. Excellent update. +1.
Is `PrefixFilter` also expanded into boolean clauses? (Or is it implemented differently somehow?)
I have the following code for searching multiple keywords within a document title which works fine. I want now to have a column that shows the number of keywords that are found in each title row and order in a descendent way. For example if I'm searching for "Maternity leave" I should get something like this: Name -- Keywords found Maternity Leave policy -- 2 Annual leave policy -- 1 Maternity advice for mothers-to-be -- 1 Hope it makes sense, Many thanks!
Try but short answer is
Because SharePoint is intent on making development painful ;)
Dave, very nice!! I didn't know that was in there. Now that I know what to look for, I was able to find an article with a small code sample on how to use it: On a related note, I also found the that looks extremely easy to use.
When you find yourself doing this, you need to ask yourself if this is the intended way of getting your server started. You shouldn't worry about this and make sure your python and django paths are set correctly. This is ignoring the actual problem.
Great! I'm glad you like it.
Why not just have a static method elsewhere to do the same thing? Sounds an awful lot simpler to me, as well as being less unexpected for whoever maintains the code.
From the documentation at and , I think this should work: Try that and see if it works. Otherwise, I'm afraid, it's preg_replace-land.
Awesome, that did it! Thanks David!
@StoneFree welcome to the future brave time traveller! :o)
Bejesuz that's ugly! Whomever wrote that should be flogged.
This library is fantastic, made my app much faster, thanks !
@yaauie - sure, I could have put a `raise 'oh no' if methods.include?(:after_initialize)` before the monkeypatch, but that would make the example harder to understand... It's so easy to get caught up in detailing all the edge cases that the actual lesson
Excellent resource:
I am developing a site that has a Flex app that uses php to communicate with a MYSQL database and I intend to get an SSL certificate to secure the communication. Subscribers to the service that I intend to provide will have an admin panel built with adobe air that will also need to communicate with the database. My question is how do I secure that communication? Do I need a different SSL cert for each subscriber? I hope not!
Nick Rigby wrote an excellent article for A List Apart titled Uses fieldset, legend, label. Highly semantic.
Using a unique identifiers would allow you to merge data from two different databases. Maybe you have an application that collects data in multiple database and then "syncs" with a master database at various times in the day. You wouldn't have to worry about primary key collisions in this scenario. Or, possibly, you might want to know what a record's ID will be before you actually create it.
+1 from me, I loved the leap from MFC to Qt ;)
Yes - that feature is extremely useful for writing upgrade scripts.
Works great! And you can add "desc" after the end to sort in other direction. In which case the strings will show first. I like how this solution doesnt actually pad the numbers in the result output.
Yeah, I didn't know about the non-greedy thing either! Is there a site that explains each modifier?
Fortunately I'm doing *very* little with Office - really just trying to show the new features. Thanks very much for the link though - very helpful!
Another very fast approach is the [seek method](http://stackoverflow.com/a/19610367/521799), which allows to paginate in constant time (maybe even faster than 78ms)
