Text
Do not touch a Physics-"Body" inside of a TouchEvent. UI-Thread and UpdateThread hate working at the same time!
This was one area of C that the designers got terribly badly wrong!
indeed, I HATE IT! But sadly no, i could not find an alternative... Sorry :(
I'm using VIM with pythoncomplete. When I'm making a completion, the current window is splitted and calltips are shown in the upper pane. I hate that! Is there a way to prevent that behavior or at least limit the size of the upper pane automaticly?
that is very very sad
although I feel incredibly stupid/angry or both
well.. taht's... sad =(
@DonQuestion Yep. My account is domain admin so it should be ok... really annoying problem! arg
(Really awful title.) Anyway: can I somehow make Scala infer the type of in 2nd line? This works as expected after adding the type: And is certainly the expected type:
I got iPhone app. When i start it, i see black view. This black view is shown before app's first view. And it looks really awful. Can i set here preview picture?
This is extremely ugly but I think it's what you're asking for: There are "workarounds" I guess.
That's not a "jQuery onchange", it's a "horrible inline onchange" !
Hasn't made a difference I'm afraid :(
@tdiop your users will still hate losing their selection though!
I'm having an extremely frustrating experience attempting to change directories in python using variables within the program. Specifically, suppose I have: gives OSError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: '$dir_name' and yet returns 'Directory_Name_999' (a valid directory name) and similarly changes the directory without error. Where am I going wrong here?
That is not about programing.
I really hate using GUI-designer for writing a swing application :(
@Frederick Marcoux: it is really terrible advice
I'm working on a huge application and the extra steps you mentioned were really pain in the ass for me. So I developed a small proxy class that handles class method bindings. First I've added a small proxy class Then added a category accessor to NSApplication (I actually added this to my application delegate and implemented ) Now you are ready to bind class methods to the Application object, even in the interface builder, with the keyPath .
Nothing. Regex is something I have to learn. Javascript.. I hate it!
Sometimes, i get scared of the abilities of ````awk````!
Don't repost your blog posts.
Oh, how I hate TFS for giving me these headaches!
Freeing the local array "buffer" is undefined, and probably horrible, behavior! You can't free something unless it was allocated with malloc() or calloc(). It's likely corrupting the heap and causing the crash.
Just let IE6 flicker. I don't think it's worth it to invest time in a dying browser when your base functionality works well enough. If you're worried about flickering for accessibility reasons, just sniff for IE6 and replace the animation with a generic show() and hide() instead. I recommend avoiding complicated code for edge cases that don't matter.
Schemas - Okay, 2000 has owners, but they can be a real pain to get permissions right on.
I'm afraid I can't entirely follow your question - do you want to have a sign up form for membership or email notifications shown as an article? If so, then the easiest way is to install 'm2c' - the 'module to component' component. Then you can put any module (ie the sign up box) in the centre content area. The m2c component can be found here:
Trying to get S60 SDK working on Linux is quite a pain. Still struggling with that.
I wish i knew, I am on 3+ projects and have to do 3+ SCRUMS a day. :cry:
When specified as above, Spring distinguishes constructor arguments by order of appearance. The notation would only switch between setting the attributes by constructor to setting them by accessor. I'm afraid, this will not change anything.
I have two loops running in my code, I want to use an element from an array as the key in a second array, but am unsure how to do this with Smarty. "" contains an integer (pulled from the db) I want to use that value as the key in a second loop, which runs fine if I harcode in the integer: Pseudo code for the sort of thing I've been trying is: But of course, this doesn't work! Can anybody help?
If I plan to use data caching do I have to worry about conflicts when also using deferred loading? It seems that with linq i am losing control of my data.
Or, just use stack overflow and let Experts Exchange die a slow and painful death.
Every time I download the ZIP file it is corrupted!
Is it possible to hide .svn files in the Open Resource dialog (Ctrl + Shift + R) of Eclipse? It's very annoying when you have hundreds of files... Cheers.
This question is awfully vague.. and doesn't seem to have anything to do with programming..
Ignoring how ridiculously lame it is to ask a question and answer it in this fashion seconds later, this is an awful answer, and that is why it is voted down. Why will you only see a small speedup? Can you provide numbers? Platforms tested on? This answer is even more vague than the original question, which was vague to begin with.
Yes, we used to use Starling. But it's a pain to always delegate the stuff that could take awhile to a different process.
The 1024 byte limit is part of the syslog (section 4.1), as is UDP transport which doesn't have guaranteed delivery (in case you worry about log lines lost in the ether). I think syslog-ng can solve both these issues, but I'm not a syslog expert.
because it is terribly difficult to get right. But I mention `boost::iterator_facade`.
Link (burstproject.org) is inactive and seems to have reverted to horrible Go Daddy wall of links/ads.
Why do so many people not understand the importance of permanent URLs?? Even Adobe, selling products to build web applications, regularly fails at this!
In general, how expensive is locking in Java? Specifically in my case: I have a multi-threaded app in which there is one main loop that takes objects off a DelayQueue and processes them (using poll()). At some point a different thread will have to remove errant elements from the queue (using remove()). Given that the remove() is relatively uncommon, I am worried that locking on each poll() will result in slow code. Are my worries justified?
I know that IList is the interface and List is the concrete type but I still don't know when to use each one. What I'm doing now is if I don't need the Sort or FindAll methods I use the interface. Am I right? Is there a better way to decide when to use the interface or the concrete type?
How do you manage deploying InfoPath forms to different sharepoint servers? Is there a better way to deal all the data connections being site-specific without opening the forms, editing the data connections and republishing for each environment?
According to the documentation in VB6 the Mid function returns a variant, but Mid$ returns a string and apparently this is more efficient. My questions are : What simple test can I use to discern the difference in performance ? I tried looking at simple app which did a few string operations, with , but there was no discernible difference. Is it worth worrying about? I've gotten into the habit of using the $-ized functions, but should I recommend everybody on my team to use it as well ?
So, this answer only shows a *way* of achieving IoC rather than explaining the concept, is that right?
I always recommend for a good starting point for beginners - especially those who have seen SQL but never understood how to build up a query them selves or how they work. All Celko's books are great. Hernandez's Mere Mortals book is good. Ken Henderson's books are also excellent.
That's right, I have no plans to replace the existing system, sidecar is an excellent analogy.
I am seeking excellent examples of Ruby DSLs (Domain Specific Languages). Which repositories, projects do you know of that are worth a read? Why is it (or: are they) great examples? I am particularly interested in more complex examples that are well thought-out and designed.
Evil! Evil incarnate!
I have a small application that I am building a Chat application into, so far I have the functionality to post messages! I don't need a login as there will only be a small number of users and I will use their windows username for identification. Has anyone done anything similiar? What else do I need to add? It doesn't need to be all singing and dancing as it is just for use within a small development team. Any ideas would be great! Thanks
This will answer your question: Good luck!
I am using LLBLGen Pro 2.5 with self-servicing. If I want to add some rows into my tables within a transaction and then update the first row I added, do I have to add that first entity into the transaction object again? Here is a fictional example of what I mean: Any advice would be greatly appreciated!
Excellent question. Running a large project in successive version of Python wouldn't be very definitive, unless you had, say, unit tests that magically achieved 100% code coverage, so a tool like this would be nice to have.
Makes sense, and it's very similiar to what I am doing. One ant task for stage and one for production, and just using the defaults for local development. But pain arises from mainting 3 different applicationcontexts which have almost identical content..
AFAIK, the creator of DelphiCodeToDoc is actually still actively working on it. Have you tried sending him an e-mail? In my experience, he's very helpful!
I understand its not a desirable circumstance, however if I NEEDED to have some kind of HTML within JSON tags, e.g.: is this possible to do in Python without requiring to to be escaped beforehand? It will be a string initially so I was thinking about writing a regular expression to attempt to match and escape these prior to processing, but I just want to make sure there isn't an easier way.
In WindowsForms world you can get a list of available image encoders/decoders with My question is, is there a way to do something analogous for the WPF world that would allow me to get a list of available
I have a generator and I would like to know if I can use it without having to worry about StopIteration , and I would like to use it without the . I would like to use it with a while statement for example ( or other constructs ). How could I do that ?
I am building advanced HTML tables with lots of CSS in them, what are the best tools out there for building advanced HTML CSS tables that could include dynamic elements like AJAX driven features (jQuery). I use Dreamweaver and Eclipse but they just touch the surface of having a really great tool set to build with. If you use a great tool let me know about it:-)
Other's have posted equally viable options, so really pick the one that makes the code prettiest to you! :-)
I'm trying to create a small snippet to allow the onloaded image to be adjusted to fit the users resolution. And then allow the user to toggle between the actual image size, and the adjusted image size for their resolution. Here's what I got so far: Any help is greatly appreciated!
I can only repeat what others have said. Parametrized SQL is the way to go. Sure, it is a bit of a pain in the butt coding it - but once you have done it once, then it isn't difficult to cut and paste that code, and making the modifications you need. We have a lot of .Net applications that allow web site visitors specify a whole range of search criteria, and the code builds the SQL Select statement on the fly - but everything that could have been entered by a user goes into a parameter.
Does anyone know how to add an item to a list but do it so it's ordered alphabetically using jQuery? I've got the following code that just adds an item from a dropdown to the end of the list: but I'd like to be able to insert it in its appropriate place instead of just appending to the end of the existing list. Any help is greatly appreciated! Thanks!
can talk a bit more about the not so normal .net experience? I was thinking to go for Mosso...
It may be worth taking a look at , it's a generic collection library for .NET which includes sets. Note that I haven't looked into it much, but it seems to be a pretty fantastic collection library.
By clever, I mean NOT TO upload once again the files that has been already uploaded (with the same dates, size or checksum...). It would be great, because the Publish method takes a lot of time!
Why would you return an IList in the first place? From a WCF service?
I've always been a bit frightened of Python. Is it not a relatively massive leap from an ingrained Web development mindset?
I'm reasonably certain you can't shift focus to another tab. My understanding is this is done to somewhat limit pop ups and other malicious content from stealing the users focus.
I'm afraid that I already know the answer to my question, but I'll ask it anyway: When there are two MySQL DB servers, can I access data that is stored on the other server? In other words: Can I somehow do this: Is the answer really as short as "No"?
I know its possible to accept a list of objects as a parameter but what about a list of Guids from checkboxes? This is a bit different as the only name you get has to be the ID. Any help would be greatly appreciated, thanks!
Very nice work!
One of the great things about this question (and Python in general) is that you can just mess around in the interpreter! .
I'm loving .
You should give a try. I haven't tested it but they mention that is works with Silverlight OOB apps and even give you a tutorial . It's commercial software, but a 30 day trial is available.
Thanks for this, I didn't know about fluid. Great little piece of software!
How do I create a self signed SSL certificate for an Apache Server to use while testing a web app?
Do you how to do this using an Embedded Image? I haven't been able to figure out how to reference an Embedded Image in an expression.
I do know the iPhone prefers PNG. But also PNG-24 with alphatransparency? I hope it does!
Oh, but [requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/index.html) *is* especially great. imho
Span? That reminds me of a Monty Python... "Span, lovely Span, wonderful Span!"
OMG I hope that isn't all in one file!
Checkout this [answer](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17333/most-effective-way-for-float-and-double-comparison#17467) to a similar question.
In WPF, how would I apply multiple styles to a ? For instance, I have a control which already has a style. I also have a separate style which I would like to add to it without blowing away the first one. The styles have different TargetTypes, so I can't just extend one with the other.
It also could depend on the version of Perl. Which you haven't mentioned. And the difference is not enough to worry about anyway. So use whatever makes more sense.
@massive I've replied to your question about dealing with concurrency issues in bulk updates by editing my answer. Hope this helps!
Hi there, I was able to set the focus back on the selected item after some research on similar issue. All i needed to do was, call the BeginInvoke method on the Dispatcher property of the Listbox and do the focus setting on the selecteditem in the listbox in the delegate method call which is as below: box.Dispatcher.BeginInvoke(DispatcherPriority.System.Idle, new focus(SetFocus),box); Where focus is the delegate and SetFocus is the delegate method where i get the selected item from the listbox and set focus on the corresponding listboxitem. Hope this helps!! Regards, Sowmi
here is the magic DataFormatString="{0:c0} this will remove the decimal places
That's an excellent idea Jeff. Thanks!
To add on to mwigdahl's excellent post: [here](https://ribosome.helixcommunity.org/2005/devdocs/FuncLevelLinking)'s a link that explains how to achieve FLL for g++ -- this may give you some additional insights.
Hi all I have a horrid database I gotta work with and linq to sql is the option im taking to retrieve data from. anywho im trying to reuse a function by throwing in a different table name based on a user selection and there is no way to my knowledge to modify the TEntity or Table<> in a DataContext Query. This is my current code. I want to populate my ViewData with Enumerable records.
What sort of data are you working with where you have what amount to a 100GB hash table (or, even worse, an array)? You're worrying about storage engines but it seems that you might want to try modeling your data more effectively.
A unit test should do the same thing every time that it runs, otherwise you may run into a situation where the unit test only fails occasionally, and that could be a real pain to debug. Try seeding your pseudo-randomizer with the same seed every time (in the test, that is--not in production code). That way your test will generate the same set of inputs every time. If you can't control the seed and there is no way to prevent the function you are testing from being randomized, then I guess you are stuck with an unpredictable unit test. :(
@Imad Alazani: The flow of control has been "inverted" by Dependency Injection (DI)
I have a few classes which do nothing except in their constructors/destructors. Here's an example I'm a little concerned about future readability. Am I being too "tricksy" here, with a variable ("busy") which is never actually used in the code? Could some static analysis tool suggest they be removed, or is this idiom sufficiently common not to worry about?
Use rather than the raw VixCOM API if you're going to do this in C#.
I never said I was angry by the way. Just noting what I saw as a design flaw.
I didn't specify it clearly, rather than looking for a library, I am looking for a web-application/component, that I can embed inside my java application so that I don't even have to worry about creating the UI.
Anyone else get this or suffer from this? I am using Vista and VS 2008 and when I goto open a Web Site it literally takes 2~3 minutes for the dialog box to show up. Once i actually select a website it's not a problem but getting to that point hangs VS really bad.
I think the fact that you have SVN at the moment makes this question less obvious. A managers might avoid formalising something from fear that a poorly conceived process will trump being reactive. There are many options, and finding the right combination may require a series of smaller changes.
what about 3rd question?( When is it appropriate and when not?)
For what it's worth, NSCollectionView does this too (you can see it in action in the IconCollection sample code). They apparently wait for a "quiet period" in which you've stopped dragging. I've been trying to write a similar class, and it is definitely a pain to get the animations to run consistently and properly during the resize.
I have the following installed: (for VS 2005) (.Net regex compatible find and replace, because VS has its own regex syntax)
Won't that be horribly distracting?
This is my Gridview This is in my Code Behind inside my Page Load............. Now as you will see i have a ImageField inside my gridview. When the ID = 1 then i want to show the image located here ~/pics/ID1/MyImage.jpg and so on and so on. I also want to show a Thumbnail of the Image so the User dont have to download the WHOLE image. Any help will be great! Etienne
Awesome, thanks!
I'm not sure what you mean by "pure C" but strchr() and string.h have been part of Standard C for 20 years.
Great tutorial. Really appreciate it!
@Evan It's not compilable java. It's used to navigate the code in eclipse/idea and is excellent if you have a large code base with lots of long class names.
Does it make sense to start learning JavaFx if I do not have any background in UI programming? Is it more advisable to learn Swing first and then move on to JavaFx ? I tried the on JavaFx website in Netbeans and the code looked extremely complicated to me. I am wondering if JavaFx is too advanced for a beginnner GUI developer.
There was an excellent presentation at WWDC this year on advanced scrollview techniques. You may want to spend an hour watching that. It might be of great help to you in this situation. The video is available in iTunes under the iTunes U section or from the apple developer site.
Grid Hosting one price , an entire cloud hosting server
I'd stay away from EJB. Do people really use it? I think you might get stuck in learning this framework specifically. I'd recommend taking a look at Spring MVC - excellent way to learn Spring, and it's a very clean and lightweight framework
I want to use the mouse scrollwheel in my OpenGL GLUT program to zoom in and out of a scene? How do I do that?
Anti-JavaScript snobbery! Every language uses a separate platform on some level to parse and execute the code. JavaScript is just another language, capable of writing "programs" or "scripts".
@gnud: No, it's not an implementation detail. It makes it a pain when you've been given an integer in "natural" base (i.e. Jan=1) and you need to use it with the calendar API.
Firebug is an excellent tool to to show a screen media CSS for some HTML element, but is there a way to look at the print media CSS too? Or is there any other tool to see the print media CSS?
Agile Development can't be sold using documentations. Instead, ask your management to let you be Agile on a small pilot projet. For this pilot project, you must: - find a motivated end user to help you. - be free not to use the standard developping processes of your company. Then, succeed !!!
Just a word of advice - this will be painful to extend if you later want to add a proper user-login system, and/or a threaded reply structure.
As mentioned above, some of the fundamental Object Oriented Design principles are OCP, LSP, DIP and ISP. An excellent overview of these by Robert C. Martin (of Object Mentor) is available here:
i really love the jquery validation plugins, look neat stylish and accessible, but as you know JavaScript can be turned off and boom your user can enter what ever he wants, therefore you should validate on server too, so what is the best approach here ? do double validation one with jquery and one on server side or is there a better solid secure way ?
By the way, as a side note, you should be using `using(Stream s = ...)` statement instead of manually writing a try {} finally {} block which might be error prone and also a pain to write.
This is a stupidity of windows find utility, +1 for feeling my pain.
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/76595/soap-or-rest is a much better question, with much better answers. This one should be closed as a duplicate of the other, even though this one came in earlier.
Thanks, after using it for a couple of hours, I can say that's a great soft, definitely!
Is there anywhere I can download a SWF fo sIFR 3 of the Rockwell font (like the one that comes with sIFR 3), but with a bunch of special characters embedded too? Specifically the pound sign (£), but more would be great :) I don't have access to Flash right now and I've tried the automatic tools but with little success. I've looked everywhere, does anyone have any pointers? Many thanks!
+1 Very interesting question!
Why not just use an array of bytes instead? It would have none of the encoding problems you're likely to suffer with the text approach.
Awesome!! Thanks :)
I am in need of generating a random string with spaces and mixedCase. is all I got so far: I am getting only uppercase strings with no spaces - I believe the tweak should be pretty striaghtforward to get mixed case and spaces in the soup. Any help greatly appreciated!
I'm only generating the AutoGeneratedClass. The GenericClass and its GenericHandler() method are hand-coded in a different assembly from the AutoGeneratedClass altogether. So I'm afraid this won't work.
This isn't worthy of an "answer", but I thought I'd mention: many of the interfaces I've really enjoyed have been minimalistic -- there's almost nothing for me to see. Like QuickSilver for OS X.
You should fix the libraries that are creating bad or non-named threads. I'd hate to debug your libraries' threads only to find that the names where changes elsewhere.
I have a query that has approx 20 columns and I would like to export this to an Excel file with the column headers. I thought this would be easy to figure out but no luck! I searched the web and found one suggestion that did not end up working so I am stuck. Anyone have any working ideas? Thanks,
Different engine versions? Have you tried naming that expression in the result?
There are several articles on the Internet about developing elevated processes in Vista, but essentially elevation requests involve decorating .NET assemblies and WIN32 executables with elevation status in the application manifest file (may be embedded or side-by-side). There is an excellent blog post about your question which provides the code you'll probably need:
Actually it's not as bad as it looks - Perl's File::Copy is horribly broken (for example it doesn't copy file permission on Unix and other stuff), so many "high profile" hackers actually use system('cp', $target, $destination) or similar stuff
Although that text editor test isn't 15 minutes, it sounds like an excellent test. It's more like what you would do in real life compared to writing algorithms: maintain code that someone else might have made.
Excellent - I've unaccepted the original answer. I shall try this tomorrow. Thanks both of you.
8 hours? That's pretty quick! My last InnoSetup installation coding took TEN DAYS, and it still won't work right on Vista. It installed an app library, some sample apps, created a database, installed and started 2 windows services, and published a web site, but 10 days is still far too long...
@le dorfier - I'm extremely good at complex sql, just not the t/sql ways of doing declares, conditionals, assignment, loops, cursors, etc... Since I don't do it that often, I find myself having to look up simple t/sql examples every time.
In what language? In PHP it is: example:
I am using Eclipse 3.4.1. I have an external library that consists of a bunch of JAR files, and some HTML JavaDoc. I know that I can attach the HTML JavaDoc to individual JARs by going to their Properties page, JavaDoc location, and setting it there. But it would be a pain to do this for each individual JAR. Is it possible to do them all at once somehow? The JavaDoc location is the same for them all.
`:r! date "+%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S"` wont work because `%` reserved to insert buffer name into the command line my vim version is 7.3.872. I'd love to know how to escape `%` !
Great question, but please update the accepted answer to IainMH's! :)
I see that over on this question there is a request to say how to do something using LINQ to see if a property matches in a collection. However, is this the fastest reasonable process by which to do this? I will be deploying something that requires a certain amount of resource management, and I want the application to be as responsive as can be, without making the code terribly hard to decipher when someone else, or myself come back to it later.
[GNU] make gets angry if you don't place the output in the current directory. What you really should do is run make from the build directory, and use the VPATH make variable to locate the source code. If you lie to a compiler, sooner or later it will take its revenge. If you insist on generating your objects and dependencies in some other directory, you need to use the -o argument as answered by Emile.
I am extracting some data from SQL Server. One of the columns is a ntext column that has a blob of XML there. As I extract it, it looks really ugly. Is there any way to format the XML inside a SQL Server 2005 stored proc?
I've just checked that simply adding the font to the VS project's Fonts Folder is enough and was worried that I'd have to manually make these calls. Fortunately, the VS project has a Register = vsdrfFont property, so I'm going to assume that the installer does this automatically.
I'm working with an incorrectly built spring application. Rather than use IOC, objects that require references are pulling their references from the context: Putting aside the non-IOC design, what are the other detrimental effects of this? For example, does this have any particular performance implications? Is there any way that this could result in the creation of additional contexts or object references? Anything else really unpleasant that this could cause?
I am trying to build an application that can request files from a service running on another machine in the network. These files can be fairly large (500mb + at times). I was looking into sending it via TCP but I'm worried that it may require that the entire file be stored in memory. There will probably only be one client. Copying to a shared directory isn't acceptable either. The only communication required is for the client to say "gimme xyz" and the server to send it (and whatever it takes to ensure this happens correctly). Any suggestions?
I have a window using a WPF ListView/GridView bound to an ObservableCollection. The performance is utterly horrific. The application chokes trying to load 300-400 items and CPU usage spikes each time an item is added/removed/modified. Profiling doesn't reveal anything obvious. Anyone have any suggestions?
If it's managed (i.e. part of the framework) you don't need to worry about it. If it implements IDisposable just wrap it in a block. If you want to use unmanaged resources then you need to read up on finalisers and implementing IDisposable yourself. There's a lot more detail under
It's always a balance: - too much TDD and you end up with code that works, but is a pain to work on. - too much 'maintable code, clean design, and sound architecture' and you end up with that have talked themselves into coding paralysis Moderation in all things.
I agree: Awesome answer! Thank you so much for this borad overview (even if it may be a little bit outdated by now).
This worked great for me, thanks!
I have the following javascript: for some reason, in IE only, it chokes on "css.appendChild(css_data);" Giving the error: "Unexpected call to method or property access" What's going on?
I am currently working on an n-tier system and battling some database performance issues. One area we have been investigating is the latency between the database server and the application server. In our test environment the average ping times between the two boxes is in the region of 0.2ms however on the clients site its more in the region of 8.2 ms. Is that somthing we should be worried about? For your average system what do you guys consider a resonable latency and how would you go about testing/measuring the latency? Karl
I have a Rails app that uses STI to handle different types of Users, such as: I want to use memcached, but I keep getting the dreaded "unknown class/module" error. I've tried pre-loading all of my ActiveRecord models to no avail. The first request works as normal, but the first pull from memcached errors out. I've followed to no avail either. Is using memcached possible with single table inheritance?
no. there isn't
Excellent point, Lars. I read that as "Windows". Oops. Still, it may be useful information for someone, sometime...
Mono appears to have really come a log way since the last time I really used it. I'm interested in doing some ASP.Net development using Mono. I have used .netTiers/CodeSmith at work and really enjoy the speed with which code generation gives you a clean working data access layer. The question is has anybody used any code generation with Mono? I am open to learning something like SubSonic or NHibernate if those work better with Mono. Thanks in advance for any help.
Great question bud!
Download the DirectX/XNA SDK - it comes with plenty of sample code. Great place to start!
Can you be any more specific about the scenario you have in mind? "Optimization" is a terribly broad category.
With regard to Peter Lawrey's note that you don't need instanceof for final classes and can just use a reference equality, be careful! Even though the final classes cannot be extended, they are not guaranteed to be loaded by the same classloader. Only use x.getClass() == SomeFinal.class or its ilk if you are absolutely positive that there is only one classloader in play for that section of code.
Good luck! OCI is incomprehensible.
Isn't it just a base 64 encoded version of the serialized data?
Awesome, awesome answer. Thank you very much.
If you're debugging at the instruction level rather than the source level, it's an awful lot for you easier to map unoptimized instructions back to the source. Also, compilers are occasionally buggy in their optimizers. In the Windows division at Microsoft, all release binaries are built with debugging symbols and full optimizations. The symbols are stored in separate PDB files and do not affect the performance of the code. They don't ship with the product, but most of them are available at the .
I think the question is valid. I agree with the other responses, but it doesn't mean it's a terrible question. I've only ever had to use a Safari CSS hack once as a temporary solution and later got rid of it. I agree that you shouldn't have to target just Safari, but no harm in knowing how to do it. FYI, this hack only targets Safari 3, and also targets Opera 9.
What is a container?
The answer can be found in the . You should skim the excellent documentation that comes with Perl
Another way of gettinga command object is to call . That way you shouldn't have to set the Commection property on the command object.
I think that size_t strcspn ( const char * str1, const char * str2 ); is what you want. Here is an example pulled from :
Your operating system does dozens of stat calls per second already. Don't worry about it.
I'm working on an iPhone app that will upload images to a web server. I was wondering if anyone had any tips on how to generate unique names for each image file that gets uploaded. I'm sure there are a million ways to do this, but if anyone has any suggestions I'd really appreciate it! Thanks.
I now get it why it is sometimes facetiously referred to as the "Hollywood Principle: Don't call us, we'll call you"
If you want to try a new and alternative approach, this is a application core framework modelled after java OSGi: I haven't tried it myself, but it looks really cool!
Perhaps this is what you are looking for: Here is the link to download the castle windsor schema: Good Luck!
Assume we want to validate user input, while user is typing in a JTextField. For validating the user input, I wonder if I could use Ragel. Assume the input should follow this example regex: How can I do this with ragel? Can anybody give a short example how to validate user input "on the fly" (while inputing) with ragel? The Ragel documentations misses some good examples for a Quick Start, so I ask here.
awesome answer! very helpful
Awesome! I'm actually familiar with SDL. I'm going to look into this.
I find by Martin Fowler to be an excellent overview of a variety of UI architectures. Hope it helps :)
You might want to poke around in , and also the . Another place where you can specifically ask questions is the Yahoo Users Group for TOAD - send an email to toad-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Hope this helps! Mike
After reading a discussion on Ubuntu Forums concerning . Is GLUT dead for graphics programming? Is SDL all the rage now for OpenGL programming?
Why is it a pain for the time to be accurate? The OS keeps it synchronized for you automatically using NTP on any operating system made in the last 10 years...
Excellent. For some reason, data binding in WinForms never jumps out at me as a solution no matter how much I use it in WPF.
+1 Fantastic question! I have no idea when I would ever use this, but I'm fascinated to know someone needs this.
Actually, NHibernate can be vulnerable to SQL injection if you use SQL or HQL to construct your queries. Make sure that you use parameterized queries if you need to do this, otherwise you're setting yourself up for a world of pain.
VirtualBox also has API's for automating their VM's.
I have no answer, but I'll 2nd the sentiment about the documentation quality for OpenSSL... I'm working with it now also (just starting), and it's horrible trying to find examples or documents for anything beyond simple operations... I feel your pain.
For instance, will I be able to create an application that allows users to create and modify existing types at runtime? Will I be able to persist instances of those types in SQL without having to worry about the user who adds 100,000 records and expects a (really) fast query on them? Think SharePoint Content Types... but on steroids. Oslo steroids - Possible or not?
I've used the pspell package to do this. Take the search term, check the spelling. If its not OK, PSPELL will make suggestions. You can even run the suggestions though your search, count the results, and then say: Your search for "foo" returned 0 results. Did you mean "baz" (12 results) or "bar" (3 result). If you are worried about performance, only do this when a search returns 0 results.
You should definitely HTML encode before assigning posted content to the HTML body of an email. Your code should already be rejecting content such as '<script>' as invalid, not just in the case of an email but in all cases. There are no other considerations you need to worry about.
`internal` exists so that API vendors (such as MS) can write classes without worrying about random strangers using their code. Whenever an API becomes public, the vendor can no longer easily change the signatures. When `internal`, if MS chooses to, they can change their code without fear of breaking other people's code. That is, unless they are using reflection to "cheat".
that's some very dangerous advice!
i really love the idea of it as i can create a folder for my user control, and make sub folder images, css, and put local resource file, so the whole thing is contained in one folder, and that makes it really efficient for me (management wise). but the bugger is you cant get intellisence like global resource, so is it possible in any way ?
Awesome! Its resolve my issue. But is there any way to copy/move files with billion of numbers and without removing existing files/folders ?
Excellent answer below. Would be great if you could mark one as accepted.
I've got an application that I'm moving over to ClickOnce and the app has a moderately sized data folder with hundreds of files that I need to inlcude in the deployment. The folder needs to be in the same place relative to the EXE after deployment. I've seen several suggestions on how to do this but there doesn't seem to be a agreed upon method for doing this. Any suggestions would be great - Thanks!
An excellent tip, but this still relies on the browser sending the ASP.NET_SessionId cookie, which I can't rely on. I need a way to manually pass the SessionId through to the handler.
try f-in-box flajector.
That would be unlikely. It depends on the randomness of the generated account number and the number of active accounts. With managed code you have to recurse 10s of thousands of times in order to break the stack. When the probability of non-uniqueness approaches 10,000:1, then it's time to worry.
I'm using this code to launch a .cmd file: It works fine, but I want to actually see the cmd.exe window running. How can I make it show? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
You might glance at the java code that implements the function you are using. Most of the java libraries are written in Java, so you might just see what you need in there. Assuming @Kenster was right and it's a system operation, you may have to simply iterate over ports trying to bind to each one or test it. Although it's a little painful, it shouldn't be more than a few lines of code.
Great! Three solutions (from sykora, Leonard and fgm) that make this map work. I like the one from fgm for its brevity
What do you mean by "implement it"? How to avoid violating the rule?
But they fixed it, and you don't have to worry about it as long as you set the correct doctype, to make IE not be in quirks mode.
It's only available privately to hardware vendors from Microsoft. I think this is extremely unfortunate (I have argued to Microsoft that it would be a powerful tool for academic research, as in my uses, among other things). I was fortunate to have access at the time while consulting for Intel and NVIDIA.
I've used the ExprTk library in the past, it's easy to use and fast in evaluation. http://www.partow.net/programming/exprtk/index.html
Why are you so afraid of an asynchronous solution? Wouldn't this by definition need to be on a separate thread? Remember this is a TCP connection, so you do essentially have to wait for a response before you can send your request.
@Dutchie432: you described exactly what I was looking for... I'm also using the Pulsate effect. I had a `.stop()` in place but it didn't work. Now it works as expected. What a comment can do? It's also an answer... :D The search outsourcing was hilarious
rmeader: if you have clients who can barely restart their computer it is a pain. And from what I heard some versions of windows don't automatically synch time ...
it was very helpful :)
The MIT licensed might be the right solution. It's a complete managed port of SQLite, so it can be used with Silverlight.
that is what I am doing now. I find this a more practical solution and I see there are other people doing the same. Well, great!
Shortcut keys often don't work the same way across all browsers. And they are awful on Opera. And most users won't use them. The only thing I'd bother with on most sites is buttons for next and prev, and I'd also make the alt tag say "next" or "previous" to assist browsers with fast forward.
I can't get any event triggers to work. A simplified example of what I'm doing is below - I know there is a event on Border since it is defined in but I'm still getting Cannot convert string 'MouseEnter' in attribute 'RoutedEvent' to object of type 'System.Windows.RoutedEvent' as soon as i run the application. Any help would be hugely appreciated.
I'm trying to make a regular expression that will correctly capture URLs, including ones that are wrapped in parenthesis as in () and spoken about on coding horror at I'm currently using the following to create HTML A tags in python for links that start with http and www. this works well except for the case where someone wraps the url in parens. Does anyone have a better way?
The Java profiler is an excellent commercial solution. You can find further information in the docs on and .
+1 for the /f I've written couple of scripts for that but without /f it was such a pain; required me to be there when running the script to type "y+[return]"
You might be able to use an anti-CSRF token to achieve what you're after. This article explains it in more detail:
Something that would at least avoid the pain of would be
If you just want to test the build, you can suppress the lines concerning ChartFx from the .licx file created by Visual Studio. It should build this way, but probably will not execute correctly, as the license will not be included. The .licx file contains instructions to include binary license resource during build. I'm afraid that if you want a real build you have to install ChartFx on the build server.
Configuraton doesn't belong in a library. I think you nailed it with "emerging anti-pattern". It's really pretty easy to locate configuration files relative to a library; they don't need to physically go in the same JAR to be found.
If there is no maximum a brute force attack can count on collisions too, i.e. the malicious user will be able to enter 1000 characters for example that produce the same hash as the original password with 8 symbols.
Undefined behavior if the character is not found. Also you should not use `strstr` (with or without the typo) if `strchr` would suffice.
great answer - this code works like a charm on Mac OSX! :-) doing a few settings up front removes code duplication when accessing settings from many places, see http://developer.qt.nokia.com/doc/qt-4.8/qsettings.html#basic-usage
that's the hope :)
PL/SQL Developer from Allaround Automations. I happily paid the $200 or so price for this. Excellent IDE (+ good Intellisense, + debugging capability) with easy creation and editing of PL/SQL packages, SPs, Triggers etc So much better than Toad.
Just a note. You don't need a plugin to do this in Firefox. It's built in.
I'm just designing the schema for a database table which will hold details of email attachments - their size in bytes, filename and content-type (i.e. "image/jpg", "audio/mp3", etc). Does anybody know the maximum length that I can expect a content-type to be?
Hi I have designed a query that returns a set of data such as: What I want to do in SQL Reporting Services is to display data in a grid fashion. Such as For the dataset I provide. I want it to auto page break when needed, etc. Is there anything built in that I can use? Any recommendations on how to do this is greatly appreicated! Thanks.
Linked lists have operations which a FIFO queue does not (enumerate the list, remove items from the middle, etc). So personally, I'd fear that if a list is used as a queue without encapsulation, then in future some fool (probably me) will fail to observe the FIFO constraint.
The named scopes already proposed are pretty fine. The clasic way to do it would be:
I am using the ShowWindow method from User32 to hide a window (cmd.exe) from the user (mainly to prevent them from closing it). When the user opens the form, the process is started, and hid, then when the form is closing the process is killed. However, when the form is opened again, it doesn't hide the window (and sometimes doesn't the first time) Can someone help me with this?
Then perhaps Might be of some help. If need be you could always do the registry editing yourself via API directly for the association... but up to you EDIT: Also read the comments there, some good points eg the use of quotes for paths with spaces: @"C:\SomePath\MyApp.exe ""%1""" Also permission issues for registry access esp with Vista... good luck :)
I am writing an application which uses the Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel assembly to export/import data from Excel spreadsheets. Everything was going fine (except for 1 based indexing and all those optional parameters!), until I tried to use conditional formatting. When I call Range.FormatConditions.Add I get a MissingMethodException telling me that no such method exists. This happens in both Vista and XP. Here's an example of the code that generates the exception:
Effectively what needs to happen is that changes I have marked as live or stable needs to be merged with the Live website. This effectively means I don't have to worry about accidently copying over files and if something goes wrong it could be reverted to the previous version again. I'll investigate post_commit hook but I'll have to find a way to do a backup first so that a problem with subversiondoesn't kill the site.
That is really, really, really smart! Thanks.
Is it possible to compile and run OpenGL programs from under Cygwin? If yes, how?
I just came across the following answer on another question: Hope that helps!
not for my company, so I don't have to worry ;-)
You can try out , it allow prototyping with different styles, what's more, it can make interactive prototype and run it in browser.
I just started using cdb and I love it! I've found and a few interesting articles I've found on using cdb, but I'd love to see other peoples resources. What sites do you use to extract the max usefulness from cdb (windbg)
How do you use network sockets in Pascal?
There is a book called which details pen and paper drawing and what you can gain from it. I think it has a lot of benefits, particularly that you can, very early on (and easily), modify what the end result will be without much effort, and then start off on the right foot.
By creating datastore models that inherit from the Expando class I can make my model-entities/instances have dynamic properties. That is great! But what I want is the names of these dynamic properties to be determined at runtime. Is that possible? For example, Is this possible? If yes, how to do this? I have already tried some funny ways to do this but did not succeed :P Thanks in advance.
Wow! 3 lines of code instead of a page... I wish I could vote +5.
Came here to improve my home-grown image resizer and discovered The ImageResizer Library. It's EXCELLENT. +1 for Computer Linguist!
i hate being that guy, but this is really not the way to do whatever you aretrying to do
Great! I don't know why but accepted answer is not working. Do you know why?
On Visual Studio 2005 C++ compiler, I get the following warning when my code uses the fopen and such calls. How do I prevent this?
Speed of data entry. We have data entry operators who hammer data in using the keyboard (and often just the numeric keypad) so it's impractical for them to reach for the mouse half way through an entry screen.
I'm trying to pull the whole set of objects that I want to work with into memory so I can cut down on calls to the database. If I call a SELECT for each iteration I'm looking at hundreds of thousands of calls, which is running horrifically slow.
The paper is an excellent discussion on branching patterns such as the "main line" pattern you mention - it lists the options in the form of patterns together with discussion of anti-patterns. One of the authors is Robert Orenstein of Perforce.
Perhaps I am missing something, but I am just learning javascript. My understanding of Single Origin Policy is that Google Analytics should not be able to send data back to Google. How is it able to transmit send data to Google without violating the policy?
I've tried several other IDEs (the last one was eclipse) but always come crying back. The thing I end up missing most is homesite's 'tag insight' for all the html tags.
It comes down to 'designing for testability'. Ideally, you should not instantiate those COM objects directly but should access them through a layer of indirection that can be replaced by a mock object. Now, COM itself does provide a level of indirection and you could provide a mock object that provided a substitute for the real one but I suspect it would be a pain to create and I doubt if you'd get much help from an existing mocking framework.
Zip is correct. It's a folder structure with quite a few xml documents inside. A plain text option might not be desirable (multiple files to manage...)
Link is now dead :(
Good question. I noticed method entry breakpoints slow things down considerably when I'm debugging Java programs with Eclipse. I hope someone has the answer!
I completely disagree with the answers so far. I feel that internal is a horrid idea, preventing another assembly from inheriting your types, or even using your internal types should the need for a workaround come about. Today, I had to use reflection in order to get to the internals of a System.Data.DataTable (I have to build a datatable lightning fast, without all of its checks), and I had to use reflection, since not a single type was available to me; they were all marked as internal.
did you run out of variable names? ;-)
+1 excellent question. Personally I'm starting to think that externals should never have been allowed to track the HEAD of other repositories. Always specifying the exact revision of the external is much safer.
I am not familiar with the instance manager, but I have used on several systems (including a remotely hosted server) with great success. It supports MySQL 5.0 and 4.1.
None of the above is exactly what I was looking for, so I wrote one. super simple to use %B in the printf!
PAX is spot on, Microsoft Vista uses an opt in exception list while Sygate Personal Firewall (which doesn't work on Vista) uses an opt out exceptions list...having blacklists is aimed at network administrators who have nothing better to do that update blacklists, whitelists help catch malicious apps
I had to do this once in Notes for a plugin I was developing. What I ended up doing was editing the Notes template in the designer, and then writing some LotusScript behind it that called a .NET class via a DLL. So when you clicked the button, it triggered the event in the LotusScript, and then called the DLL, and passed the item information to it. I should also note that it was a freakin' bear to figure out because Notes documentation is terrible.
Request.AbsoluteURI
IIRC, the max baud was effectively limited only by the H/W - I wrote my config to allow up to 1.3Mb, but I was targeting modems over RS-232 so 115K was the max that I needed, and likely the max that I ever will.
My understanding is that APPLET is deprecated and OBJECT is the preferred tag to use for Java applets. Is this correct? A lot of Java applet examples, both on the web and in books, still seem to use the APPLET tag. Are there any browser compatibility issues that OBJECT suffers from (compared to APPLET)? Also, can you provide an example of proper OBJECT tag usage for Java applets?
Good enough answer for me :) I get the same, lets hope they fix it soon because XBAP deployment I'm learning to love!
You can easily define a comparator for a one-level , so that lookup becomes way less cumbersome. There is no reason of being afraid of that. The comparator defines an ordering of the _Key template argument of the map. It can then also be used for the multimap and set collections. An example:
Yep, StackOverflow is written in C#/ .NET and is a very successful example of a high-scale site.
Joel Lucsy: That implementation of SQLite is a mixed-mode assembly which is not supported by Silverlight. Only a pure managed implementation would work under the Silverlight CLR.
Would one be violating the the terms of agreement with Google App Engine if one were to use Amazon's S3 service with Google App Engine? I do know there is restrictions on what you can and can't do but I was not sure of this. Having these two combined features, one could provide one heck of a system at a relatively low cost compared to hosting this with a hosting company. Has anyone done this already or have heard of an application that combines the two technologies?
Multiply by 100 and then convert to an int.
You should try Type Hierarchy. Right Click the class and Open Type Hierarchy. There are so many option look for Show all inherited members. It can be found at the lover section of the Type Hierarchy Widget.
I cannot recommend higher than you reading through the postings of Bart De Smet (), he is really brilliant when it comes to Lambda. His recent series covered dynamic Lambda, starting with Absolutely beautiful code.
The main product I work on at work uses the txt_ pnl_ etc prefixes. This does work, though it is a bit of a pain at times when switching something that just hides/shows controls from say, a tr to a panel because you have to rename it. What I've started doing in new projects, is naming my UI controls with a ui prefix; for example, uiName. Since I am strongly opposed to , and strive for , this convention works well. In fact, if anything, it is real hungarian notation (ui being the prefix meaning user interface control).
"malicious users" don't just exist "out there" on the internet - most of them have jobs in corporations and you are probably working with a couple of them right now - there is a reason that all user accounts and physical access are the first things you cut off when you fire someone
I just launched with a stack of new features, including the MP Spotlight you can see on the Homepage Every few seconds, the following code is run, which goes and fetches the next MP and fades the old one out and the new one in. Looks great! BUT If you scroll down to the bottom of the page, and wait till the MP spotlight refreshes, the browser scrolls back to #memberList Does anyone know what's causing this? How can I stop it from scrolling? Any help is greatly appreciated.
I used for a medium sized project, and loved it. It's incredibly feature-rich, has pretty good documentation, and an amazingly good support forum -- it's one of those ones where you ask a question, and a guy who works for the company that produces the software almost invariably answers it within a few hours. I used it with PHP and MySQL, but as far as I know it works with ASP.NET as well.
Add a bit of demonstration code and I'll upvote.
I have a web page that renders the same in IE7, Firefox, and Safari - except when printing. IE7 appears to allocate too much space for borders when printing. In the example below, the box heights plus borders should add up to the same height in the 2 columns. I set the borders to 10px to exaggerate the problem. I hate CSS hacks, and so far I've been able to create my pages without them. Any suggestions?
For a non-installation browser based tool you can try It's free - and if you have a gmail account - no registration is needed. Makes interactive/Step by Step Or Slide Show- prototypes. You can share your protoype with anyone you choose by just sending a link. Works for us ...
I am currently using the following jQuery script to highlight rows in my table, and it works great! This works great for tables of data where each row is truly a new record, however, I have run into an issue where I have records that take up two rows of data and would like to modify the jQuery so it renders something like: How would I accomplish this in jQuery where I want every 3rd row to have a class of 'alt1' and every 4th row to have a class of 'alt2'? Thanks in advance!
Wow - why would someone vote to close? This is a great debate!!
Works pretty good for me, you perfectionists! (just teasing)
When opening a file from your hard drive into your browser, where is the document root? To illustrate, given the following HTML code, if the page is opened from the local machine(file:///) then where should the css file be for the browser to find it?
You can analyse changes using the TFS API down to the level of what files have changed, but to determine what content in a file has changed you need to use external tool/library. There is a comparison/merge tool that ships with Visual Studio Team Explorer but this is still an external tool that processes the changes at runtime. Just FYI. Edit: I think I may be completely wrong!
I'm in everyone else's boat, this would prove incredibly useful, especially in my case where I know I need to closely examine the last 4 revisions. Analogous experience with limiting the number of log messages displayed would make it very natural to limit the number of revisions one retrieves going back from the current version.
the link to the last article (Tips for Unit Testing) expired. Here is the link to the new article: http://devver.wordpress.com/2008/07/07/tips-for-unit-testing/
Funny, that is exactly what I just did. Great question!
Unfortunately some projects require hundreds of images for CSS, general site images and flash then there can be hundreds of PDF's, Docs which are needed for the site. Including them can mean it takes ages to load a project and sync it. If your unlucky enough to use VSS then this is far more painful.
How can I check file permissions, without having to run operating system specific command via passthru() or exec()?
Anyone know a quick easy way to migrate a SQLite3 database to MySQL?
Managing url paths can be a real pain in ASP.NET. AbsolutePath vs RelativePath vs etc. drives me crazy. I find that many solutions require the user to edit web.config element to include the correct subfolder path; ex. Website Root: Web.config setting: / Website Root: web.config setting: /blog/ Is there a way to properly handle this without having to make changes to the web.config?
The Perl library is excellent for doing the donkey work of interacting with a website to get to the actual page you need.
yeah, i had the same issue
I agree with @dplass, what about other floats. And, why is there a comma at the end of this string?
I am currently a college student and I don't feel that any of my classes have touched on the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) nearly enough. I've been interning a company for a few years and I've been learning about SDLC from the internship, but I wanted to poll the crowd so I can branch out from that. What SLDC resources (books, websites, magazines, newsletters, etc.) do you use?
^^ By the way - best of luck! I'm not there yet. Will be ready to launch soon though...
is a popular choice. It's a full multimedia framework much like DirectShow or QuickTime, has the advantage of having legally licensed codecs available, and has excellent Python bindings.
I haven't noticed the sort of fear that you have. Do you have any specific examples?
I've been programming Ruby pretty extensively for the past four years or so, and I'm extremely comfortable with the language. For no particular reason, I've decided to learn some Python this week. Is there a specific book, tutorial, or reference that would be well-suited to someone coming from a nearly-identical language, or should I just "Dive into Python"? Thanks!
I generally use a manual process: Look at the page, figure out the semantic elements, and build the HTML Slice up the images I think I'll need Start writing CSS Tweak and repeat different steps as necessary Got a better approach, or a tool?
If you package this code in a class library like I did, you'll have to change the access modifier from `internal` to `public`. Excellent code, saved me a lot of time.
@gbjbaanb, Why are you even talking about builds **here**? Read the question again. The deltas are significantly smaller for the files you are talking about because there are common bits between versions to take advantage of. Not so for video files. Add a
Unless there is a very valid reason, passwords should hashed. Hashes result in fixed length strings. There is not space argument to make, unless the system is storing the actual password, which is arguably a terrible idea.
I have several hundred (static - no includes or server-side parsing) HTML pages. I would like to validate the HTML (XHTML 1.0 Transitional), but the idea of plugging each of them individually into the W3C Validator - or even using a Firefox plug-in to open each one - fills me with dread. Does anyone know of any (Windows) apps that can do bulk validation? The "Validate entire site" feature on is the closest I've come, but that's limited to 100 pages.
Awesome! Thanks.
Start with Master Pages on day #1 - its a pain coming back to retrofit.
Is this a question that would be better suited to [programmers.stackexchange](http://programmers.stackexchange.com/)?
I am looking to make a phone call from software and have the software read a message to the recipient. I have been using Asterisk, but have found it somewhat are to maintain and it was a pain to configure. I'm wondering if there are any services where you can send it a piece of text and a phone number and it will read it to the recipient of the phone call. I am in Canada and making calls within Canada. The service does not need to accept calls. I am working with an AMP server.
Everything in the terminal buffer. Command history is easy, just 'history'. Sometimes there's an exception or a log I want to grab, but it went off the screen or select-all is a pain. I want to make a cmd line tool that does it and maybe sends it to a new gist.
Very nice plugin!! I really admire people that put more time into making Vim more usable. I've added your plugin to my list here: http://staff.washington.edu/ivanoats/blog/2012/01/13/making-macvim-pretty/
How would I go about using Stephen Celis' fantastic SCListener singleton? () I would like to start with something incredibly simple.. like display the input volume in a textview or just display a UIImage when the listener detects something. Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thanks!
Poor Steve just got screwed over by people not reading what he wrote correctly. I hate it when that happens, but I can understand why they read it the way they did. You left the statement rather ambiguous.
Sad that you had to preface with "Reasons for doing this aside" in order to prevent a flame war or such...
Variables "protected" are prone to be malicious changed by derived class? Should I use "private" in base class variables instead of "protected"?
The example you gave is not of IOC, it is Dependency Injection example.
I did try the demo and did end up buying it. I'm thrilled (thus far). Thanks for your comment.
Why has your comment gotten so many upvotes?
I find Apple's documentation quite limited on AudioFileStreamSeek and I cannot find any examples of actual usage anywhere. I have a working streaming audio player, but I just can't seem to get AudioFileStreamSeek to work as advertised... Any help tips or a little example would be greatly appreciated!
If you are looking to find out which dll's your target machine is missing then use depends.exe which used to come with MSDev, but can also be found . Testing this on a few target machines should tell you which dll's you need to package with your application.
I don't use IronPython, but what I've read so far about it does not certify the "incredibly bad python implementation" [typo fixed].
I'm trying to delete several working copy directories, but I get an Access Denied on all the SVN files, running as admin or normal user. I've killed the Tortoise cache process, and cannot figure what is wrong. Any suggestions?
I'm trying to make our mySQL database run faster and I've analyzed our slow query log and the most common slow query is this: I'm trying to understand why this query keeps getting called because after the table is setup it should not keep happening. The EXPLAIN result for this is: Cannot convert to a SELECT statement. Any ideas on this would be fantastic! Paul
I'm considering embedding IronPython as a scripting language for an application that I'm writing. So to try it out, I downloaded IronPython 2.0 and fired up the interactive interpreter. Just starting the thing up takes about 5 seconds on my Intel Quad Core with 6 Gigs of memory. I can hardly imagine how much of a delay this would be for a less powerful machine. Based on , it seems as though IronPython's performance actually isn't too terribly bad. Or is it? Have I misconfigured something during installation? Or is this a problem with the interactive interpreter?
Great question and great answers!!! Thanks guys!!
What have you done so far? You have code to show us?
Check the answer on question [Mobile Safari back button](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11979156/mobile-safari-back-button/12652160)
I'm trying to get multiple rails apps hosted under the same domain, but different directories. My configuration before attempting to host multiple apps (which works great), looks like this: I google'd around and found documentation suggesting I use the following configuration: That configuration, however, only causes my directory structure to be revealed, and no app appears to run. Any advice would be great!
@Cocowalla The CLR does not manage native resources. However, if a process terminates, all handles are freed by the system (the OS, not the CLR).
Very good question!
I build Web service, I define IP connection (all works excellent) but, how I can define the IP in variable ? now, I change with the Find and replace in VS2008 and right click on the Web service properties. thank's in advance
Omar Al Zabir has an excellent post on using cache item callbacks for this purpose.
This is horrible. First you're sleeping, which will never wait exactly the right amount of time. It may fail if the computer is busy and shutdown takes longer than expected. And otherwise it will waste time. Furthermore, you're using shared *persistent* state. The right solution is simply to free the `runOnce` mutex before calling `Application.Restart()`.
Lambdas automatically 'suck' in local variables, I'm afraid that's simply how they work by definition.
I would like to mention something I came across recently but I haven't been able to test it yet. There is a new program called FreeNX that has set out to be a replacement for VNC. Here's the link: http://freenx.berlios.de/
How do I stop a browser refresh from happening when a flash object has focus inside a pop up window? Yes, I abhor pop up windows too. Yet we have a flash questionnaire that is being wrecked from users who use refresh. I also already have js in place that effectively blocks refresh, UNTIL the flash gets focus and the user presses refresh. I have access to the Flash through our Flash developer, but he is uncertain of how to do this. The closest we could come up with was to use the fscommand trapallkeys, yet it does not appear to be working.
for debugging purpose in a somewhat closed system, I have to output text in a file. Does anyone knows of a tool that runs on windows ( console based or not ) that detects changes to a file and outputs them in real-time ?
Have you considered overriding the administrative templates for the models in question? This provides an excellent overview of the process. In this particular situation, having a finer-grained level of control may be the best way to achieve the desired result.
I have a ruby script that goes and saves web pages from various sites, how do i make sure that it checks if the server can send gzipped files and saves them if available... any help would be great!
I'm in no way supporting MPMoviePlayerController, but it does have a property for "initialPlaybackTime". Depending on your need, this combined with the Play/Finished notifications and a timer/thread can provide some degree of additional control. It ain't pretty though! :)
I don't have whois installed on my server (apparently it's in the works but no real news on it). I was wondering if anybody knew a way to emulate the functionality of it though. I figured I'd be posting some data to a url but I don't know what, or where. Basically I'm at a complete loss, and would appreciate any help or even something that I could look into.
(For the record, I find the Infragistics WinForms controls to be considerably easier than their ASP.NET controls. I think a lot of their bad rep comes from the ASP.NET side of the world, where certain tasks become a major pain and their Viewstate usage is off the charts.)
Also be aware that as a programming language TeX is most awful, the worst language in real use I've come across.
I'm looking for an XSL lint tool which is actively maintained. The only one I can find is , but the last update was in 2000 (9 years old!). Any help would be great!
A container is a concept in IoC where the object model, including dependencies (relationships between "user" object and "used" object) and object instances, reside and is managed -- e.g., contained. The container is usually provided by a IoC framework, such as Spring. Think of it as a runtime repository for the objects that make up your application.
I've noticed that several game suffer from poor download speeds (<10Kb/s) when you don't use a web redirect (an apache,iis,... server), is there a programmatic reason for this that I don't see or is it for other reasons I'm missing. It's been assumed that this is intended to not bog down the server but I'm looking to see if there is a less obvious (code) based reason.
To Joseph Holsten's excellent list, I add the xpath command-line script which comes with Perl library XML::XPath. A great way to extract information from XML files:
Ah - and if SHA-1 is so expensive that adding that salt will in fact cost the hacker years then it is also going to be so expensive that you'll probably be suffering to add to CC number 10,000. But you can always just test it vs your expected customer base size and see if it hurts of not.
+1: I just used implemented this, it works great!
With no offense, just as one developer to another, I'm afraid that your idea seems terribly inefficient. It seems to me that instead of uniting SQLite databases you should probably be storing several tables within the same Database file. However if I'm mistaken I guess you could ATTACH the databases and then use a VIEW to simplify your queries. Or make an in-memory table and copy over all the data (but that's even worse performance wise, especially if you have large databases)
Awesome!!! You just saved me a LOT of work!!! Wish I could give more than just an upvote!!!
@ravenspoint: If you want to create the object on the heap now and delete it after execution in an other thread, I should probably remind you of RAII -> very bad programming style!!! Or do you want to make some silly synchronisation to ensure the data is
Is it easy to create GLUT pop-up menus for my OpenGL application? If yes, how?
-1 for font abuse
+1 I haven't such items in the right-click menu, but Repo Browser way works great, thanks!
I hate it none of the specified answers worked for me....
Since I am completely useless at regex and this has been bugging me for the past half an hour, I think I'll post this up here as it's probably quite simple. In PHP I need to extract what's between the tags example:
I've been using a custom function for some time now to prevent clickjacking on certain sites. However, I've been surprised to find there's not a lot out there about how to do this 'idiomatically' using the various popular JavaScript frameworks. Are there users of jQuery, Dojo, YUI, and/or ExtJS that have used their framework to implement clickjacking protection? I'd love to see examples!
I'm not sure I follow what you mean by "service layer"... "service" is such an abused generic term these days :-(
Yep, the power tools SHOULD let you do this, but unfortunately the merge goes horribly wrong each time so it's next to useless.
I don't know any opensource solutions, and the guys writing this stuff for money can't and won't tell you. Guess you're out of luck :]
Only way I could figure out how to do it without just moving the file and telling the user was to pass it off to the browser.
First of all I can't see object locking, unused lockObject variable makes me sad. IEnumerable is not special. Each thread will have it's own copy of reference to some instance of sektioner object. You can't affect other threads that way. What would happen with old version of data pointed by sektioner field largely depends on calling party.
Enlightenment DR16 is packaged with openSUSE 11.1 but it's a bit painful to use with KDE apps as there's no obvious (on the Enlightenment site, google etc.) way to provide a systray for KDE apps that require one (e.g., ktorrent). Anyone know of a way around this? I'm not using e for the eye-candy - I'm running on a 2.6GHz Celeron and KDE (4.1) performance isn't exactly stellar so I'm trying out a few alternatives.
FF @ fault? Damn... hate when my buddy fails me.
Im not sure what they're called but im referring to the keywords in c++. Is there an equivalent in c#? It seems rather tedious having to repeat yourself! ala
Jeo Clecko's SQL for smarties is excellent.
If you decide to use events to drive your swf in order to approximate different frame rates I'd recommend using a tween engine like . It's free (as in beer) and I've used it very successfully for frame based tweening in the past.
ISpellChecker is an interface, not a defined class. Therefore any class implementing that interface can be 'injected' into TextEditor. Whoever creates TextEditor can determine what implementation of ISpellChecker it uses. And this answer describes Dependency Injection, nothing to do with IoC.
That would be really great if you share link to the example.
I'd say spike should be part of the iteration plan. not just in time. They should be accounted for the story they belong to. Even reading of parts of the manual should be estimated. And now for the hard part: don't be afraid to give high estimates. Realistic is ALWAYS better than too low. ;)
I need to write some code that will buffer a line to create a polygon as shown below. From following the steps outlined, I can create polygon shapes around simple lines that do not cross themselves or have too tight curves, but as the lines I'm trying to buffer are squiggly swhirly hurricane tracks, it's really not good enough. I know there's a function in SQL Server 2008 that can do this, but I'm afraid that's currently a no go. Can anyone point me in the direction of a more complete algorithm I can follow, or any background info that could help me figure this out?
MySQL is extremely cheap when you have the distro (or staff to build) that carries MySQL Enterprise edition. This is a High Availability version which offers multi-master replication over many servers. Pros are low (license-) costs after initial purchase of hardware (Gigs of RAM needed!) and time to set up. The drawbacks are suboptimal performance with many joins, no full-text indexing, stored procesures (I think) and one need to replicate grants to every master node. Yet it's easier to run than the replication/proxy balancing setup that's available for PostgreSQL.
Are all URL's encrypted when using SSL(https) encryption? I would like to know because I want all URL data to be hidden when using SSL(https). If SSL gives you total URL encryption then I don't have to worry about hiding confidential information form URLs.
How is a question about hosting less programming related than this which gets plenty of up votes http://stackoverflow.com/questions/549597/dealing-with-awful-estimates
I have been abusing the Dictionary class in .NET 2.0 as a set:
I'm convinced that this is a combination of Windows and Vcl issues. If I understand correctly, Vcl is using outdated Windows API calls for printers, which leads to these issues. The problem is in Windows its self, but the only reason Vcl suffers this problem is because it's using outdated Windows API calls. If the Vcl were upgraded to use the newer methods, this problem presumably wouldn't happen. At least this is my hunch.
This will recalculate the number of words whenever you stop typing for a while (specifically, ms). Enjoy!
Most DNS servers don't obey RFC1912 to be honest. Its a sad thing about ISPs.
___ Yours was very good AND FAST!! thanks for the response ___
I really love the "one model in - one model out" idea of Fubu MVC. A controller would look something like this and the service locator would automagically fill in all the required dependencies in the constructor. This makes the controller very easy to test. So my question is: How would you go about tweaking asp.net mvc to allow this simplicity in the controllers ?
I love it when I find the answer to my question without having to ask - thanks for running into the same question I had and helping me work through my issues!
We have eclipse manage things the way it wants, and use ant4eclipse (a set of ant tasks) for continuous builds. Works great!
+1 for not being afraid to ask
I can animate the addition of a UIView to my app, it looks very pretty so thank you apple. However, how do I animate the removal of this view from the super view? I'm using: to animate the "in" transition ... how do you animate the "out" transition????
Get at that with Firebug and you'll notice something about the classes of the generated dialog - ui-widget and/or ui-state are completely absent, but those are the classes that ThemeRoller uses to color UI elements! Is there some sort of ThemeRoller-compliant dialog generator, or even a script to hack the right display classes into a dialog after the fact? Or, since I'm not intending to let my users edit their own themes, do I just have to do the bit of CSS hackery that the jQuery people apparently did , putting color information into ui.dialog.css?
Jeff Atwood says: February 12th, 2009 at 6:50 am No, we’ve switched to a dedicated task. We definitely outgrew this technique. I do think it’s fine for small sites though!
I tried PekWM for some time. I really liked it. It allowed me to group programs of the same type, for example: Terminals.
I know neither is true for now, but I really want these to be true. I heard that ruby-gnome2 and shoes are the top most used desktop libraries for ruby. since shoes and gtk depends on some common things, and shoes give a higher abstraction for UI, why not go a step further to merge them? make shoes totally on top of GTK. I respect different intent of shoes' creators, so, just a question to make me clear. Thanks very much for your great job!
Love this solution!
Found this on Gamasutra a while ago: Hope it helps!
I do not want to stop the user from clicking the same ajax button many times, but I want to exercise some control to prevent someone from maliciously clicking the button repeatedly which would cause repeated database requests. What is simple way to handle this on a jquery .post in asp.net mvc? If I put in a time delay, the experience client side will be ruined (?)
Thanks Nat. The external data is large (external search results) so it's not possible to keep it as a new list. We're a SharePoint plugin so I can't guarantee that the BDC will be available at all installations. I guess I'm kind of out of luck with your suggestions but I appreciate the answer!
Somewhere on the web there is a blog post which is just a lot of scrum boards. It is really good to see how other people do it. Maybe someone can find it for us :) I think this looks like a pretty comprehensive way of doing things!
His 'n' key is broken. It's very embarrassing. ;-)
You really only need something to parse the Packages file, no? . I've never attempted to do this before, but I cant imagine it being a horrendous task. Edit: Well it would technically be spidering the repo to process a series of Packages files, but that wouldn't make it too much tougher. Edit 2: Unless you specify the Packages files manually. Then it would be simple again.
Excellent points, David. I think in Corey's case, he doesn't have an Access front end so our posts are for general knowledge that applies to most Access developers.
Aye this is the precise issue I suffer with VS2005 + Resharper. I just want it to boot quicker.
I would suggest renaming the file in the repository from config.php to config.php.sample. This is the file that you would edit to change the default options. For deployment, either to your development environment or to the production server, you would copy config.php.sample to config.php and edit it without worrying about future conflicts.
I have a product selection page where you choose a phone and a plan using radio buttons and I need jQuery to display the "current selection". For example I have 2 phones with two plans: Nokia N95 and Nokia N96, $35/month and $50/month Each of these 'options' has it's own radio button. When N95 and the $50/month plan are selected I need to display this information in a div: Your Current Order Phone: Nokia N95 Plan: $50/month Any help would be greatly appreciated! :)
This only works for 4 or 8 byte floats. What about 10-byte floats?
Excellent, well thought out and worded question. +1, more if it were only possible!
Great question! :)
Wow! That was an astoundingly fast and informative response by all! I am very impressed. I will add a couple more comments below. Thanks all!
Pretty outstanding book: Gives you a good overview of the architecture of SSAS, as well as the query language MDX, and administrative/maintenance overview. A good primer for a developer OR a system administrator.
I have two tables which looks like this: Each news can only have one tag. What is the most effective way to handle inserts to the news table? The Tags table has like 50 000 rows. I'm only doing bulk inserts of approx. 300 news at a time, around 2 times per hour. I assume that i need some in-memory cache for the tags? If the tag is not in the tags table, i need to insert it and set TagID to the newly inserted id. Hope you'll get the idea!
I host a project on CodePlex, but a bunch (200+) files need to have their extension changed. What is the easiest, least painful way to do this? I cant see myself doing them one by one in the IDE. Update: I know I can just remove and change them via the commandline/utility, and readd them, but that would lose history. Perhaps there is some commandline interface to TFS on CodePlex?
A blog post warning you about the inefficiencies of Datastore Admin: http://marram.posterous.com/google-app-engines-datastore-admin-is-terribl
Hire a force of intimidating fellows to stand behind your users while holding baseball bats. That should prevent them from doing anything undesirable with your application.
Great answer! If I may update it to Rails 3, the json method now seems to be to_json. At least that's what worked for me... i.e. @contact.to_json
I really do not see the point why you would need to resort to using dreaded . But here is another option if you are using SQL Server version 2005/2008 Use Recursion
I could be missing something (I'm nothing of an expert) but after following your steps I still have to package all *dll*'s in the *exe* folder. Wasn't it OP's intention to have everything packaged into the *exe* file?
I did a quick Google search and didn't see anything super-great to automate creation and updating of my google sitemap for the ruby on rails app. Any suggestions?
I found a number of people asking the same question starting around 2005, but here is the first google result - also discusses silverlight. As far as I can tell, however, the only thing you would need to worry about would be setting up the mime types and providing access to the files.
You can use the Japura API. There is a List component with checkboxes [http://www.japura.org/checklist.html](http://www.japura.org/checklist.html)
In Flex 3, buttons call their click handler when they are clicked on by the mouse, or when they have the focus and the user depresses the space bar. Is there a straightforward way to cause Flex 3 buttons with focus to call their click handler when the user presses the enter key?
Regarding selling agile, one angle of approach is proposing agile techniques as a way of reducing the "project crunch". By this I mean the overwhelming list of deferred issues, "99% complete" code and oversights that accumulate towards the end of the project. This normally causes a lot of stress and compromises in order to meet the deadline. If a development organisation has never experienced project crunch, it would be a big surprise to me. Therefore I think this is a neat way of locking into a some shared pain and suggesting agile techniques as a load-levelling technique should provoke some interest that can lead onto a more complete discussion of the methodology(s).
I have 2 images inside a folder called Pics..... Image1.jpg and Image2.jpg. What code must i place inside my Submit button to just delete Image1.jpg located here "~/Pics/Image1.jpg" Any help would be great!!!
My application has a frame that is loaded/navigated when certain top-level buttons are clicked. The problem is, one of the hosted pages has a frame of it's own, and is messing with the outer frame's navigation bar (clicking back and forward navigates the inner frame, as well as the outer frame). Is there any way to have the outer frame's navigation control only worry about its immediate contents?
Is there a implementation in glibc or any of the standard Linux libraries for C? I want to be able to add to a list without worrying about its size. I know std::vector exists for C++, but I need the C equivalent.
Basically I am looking for the guidelines for How to approach on hard ware sizing for a given requirements.what are the parameters need to consider to arrive at sizing decisons. It will be really great if any body can help on identifing sizing details for appserver, webserver,database etc..Please
I personally mark most methods and properties virtual. I use proxies and lazy loading alot, so I don't want to have to worry about changing things at a later date.
Add this to the main solution to make sure the the binding is updated to zero when the textbox is cleared.
Excellent question.
We've deployed 's Plot Pack in both ActiveX and .Net flavors with great success. Great API, incredibly flexible, provides a toolbar that lets users pan/zoom/customize. It's solid, has a long track record, relatively inexpensive, and is very fast. (I'm not affiliated, by the way.)
Calling a virtual function is slightly slower than calling a nonvirtual function. However, I don't think it matters how deep your inheritance tree is. But this is not a difference that you should normally be worried about.
The following page has several implementations of general purpose hash functions that are efficient and exhibit minimal collisions: http://partow.net/programming/hashfunctions/index.html
has an excellent in depth article on setting up an Apache web server on a linux box. Check out the article at the following link:
Marked up the question, while I don't think it's a great idea, I think its a good question to ask!
Choose Project -> Properties Select Configuration -> General In the box for how you should link MFC, choose to statically link it. Choose Linker -> Input. Under Additional Dependencies, add any libraries you need your app to statically link in. For more info, see this article:
Not to take anything away from the answer already accepted, but I was able to get the duration of an audio file (several different formats, including AC3, which is what I needed at the time) using the namespace. This is part of . Adding a reference to that made my code as simple as this... And it's pretty fast, too! Here's a reference for the class.
I don't know why but I used the tags in my post. It is showing fine in preview, but not in final post?!
The schema part at the beginning may look scary, but if you ommit it and go straight for the data, it may be parsed by an XmlReader, as long as the dataset isnt too complex. http://www.diranieh.com/NETSerialization/XMLSerialization.htm
I just want to know why you hate John so much?
I'm afraid that is not possible. Maybe you can take another approach: build an alternate way for users to change the permissions of an item. When the user applies the permissions (using the UI you've built), you can trigger an event, or start a workflow. Going further, you could replace the default "Manage permissions" option in the ECB and replace it with a link to your custom permissions management UI. More information:
Fear not, the highlighting returns with the next search. The command should probably be named clearhighlight.
returns a pointer to the found character, so you could use pointer arithmetic: (Note: this code not tested for its ability to compile, it's one step away from pseudocode.)
I think what he means is, you can't just read: myService.DoSomething() and go to the definition of DoSomething, because with IoC, myService is just an interface, and the actual implementation is unknown to you, unless you go look it up in xml config files or the main method where your ioc gets setup.
I've been using OpenGL extensions on Windows the . Is GLEW the easier way to go? How do I get started with it?
Basically I have some code to check a specific directory to see if an image is there and if so I want to assign a URL to the image to an ImageControl.
jQuery abuse! Use CSS: HTML: FiddleThis should be much faster then jQuery (as with everything CSS).
Did it work? If it did you can also accept the answer by clicking the check mark beside it. It is a nice step to take =P
I was wondering whether anyone knows of any tools available that perform the task of analyzing one or more CSS files, determining the similarity between the various rules within the files and presenting the user with options for the merging and reduction of rulesets. I ask this because a project I am working on has reached the point where it has so much CSS that Internet Explorer (Still the bottom line I'm afraid) chokes on the CSS after page load, causing a 3-5 second lock-up in interactivity until the choke is processed. In case you're wondering: Yes, I am sure it is the CSS causing this issue.
That's right, I have no plans to replace the existing system, sidecar is an excellent analogy.
No problem. I see you got your answer above. Did that satisfy your question or is there anything else?
Added bounty to see if I can get a full answer (ideally: the code snippet that, when added above, answers the question).
I was wondering that I could not find a tutorial on how to do this. Many of the application on my system has notification area icons and a simple popup menu is attached with most of them. Can anyone tell me how to do this? If some one can do an example that works with Linux + GTK + Glade + Python, that will be really great!
Graphael doesn't have an unhover event for some odd reason. Found this chunk of code in pie.js that creates hover events: The unhover event is Raphael JS is the following code snippet. Using these two there must be a way to create an unhover for a Grapael pie chart. Any help here will be very very greatly appreciated as I'm stumped!
I'm afraid not. Version 9 has been end-of-life'd for several years now, and the client library that the node.js driver uses didn't exist back then.
Turns out to be a pretty small tweak, you were almost there! You have to re-set the option prior to the if you want to have the new selection box, visually change: Which then successfully redraws the box upon a single click as like it does within the below Fiddle, which listens to the dimensions which are set within the object:Demo Fiddle: http://jsfiddle.net/Pg39A/
Unfortunately not, but if this is an option for you, it could work...Instead of calling , try: This abuses logical operators to only call the function if it exists, and log an error (assuming exists!) otherwise.
No communications. Just trying to get one to run the other, passing it a few params. They are both installed to the same directory under Program Files and access files under app data.
anybody have an idea on this one?
This is a slightly tricky question. I am using NSDateFormatter on the iPhone but I wanted to only show a standard date without the years component. But retain the users locale formatting for their date. I could easily override the formatting using But now the date is in my in en-nz format eg 12:01PM Wednesday July 7. So I have totally killed the locale for any other users around the world. I would like to say. Give me the correct localized date for this users region but omit the years component. Since the date is being displayed as string, I am tempted to just fromat the date and then remove the year component by just cutting this out of the string.
HXT, a library which is used for parsing XML, is a very good example for the usage of arrows (have a look how often the word occurs in the module names of this package!). You shall have a look on the great tutorial: http://adit.io/posts/2012-04-14-working_with_HTML_in_haskell.htmlBut it is also good to have the arrow concept for functions. For example the following code just works, because is an instance of the arrow class (The operator is defined in Control.Arrow).Thanks to the arrow syntax you have also a great tool to write complex computations in Haskell (it works as well for functions, monads and XML filters in HXT).
Nope, I never figured this one out. It wasn't a very common operation in my case so I just punted.
I know that, that's why I wrote unsupported (exclamation mark). It was just meant as an aside and isn't central to the question.
No I did not. The question is - which files..
What matters is that your code is readable. If you're worried, add a comment -- that's what they're for! Having said that, maybe you should StopIteration when there are no more players.
My suggestion is to keep track of whether or not you're showing an error at that choke point. If you have lots of places that are doing it, you'd need to synchronize them somehow, e.g. delegate to a singleton object that is responsible for displaying the UI, or use a mutex or something.
No buddy, You can't simply upgrade ZF1 to ZF2. In case you need you move to ZF2 be sure that ZF2 is not just an upper version of ZF1 but the whole Architecture is also changed.So, If you really need to move then 1. Firstly you will need to remove ZF1 library completely.2. Install ZF2 package.3. Now make changes in your code to work accordingly with ZF2 as most of the things will stop working once to move to ZF2.However, I would suggest don't migrate to ZF2 just for the sake of upgrading, migrate only if you dont have any other choice. As this is a very painful task.have a good luck.
To save you some time, look to other solutions.I'm working on this exact task now, but I'm about to give up due to Cloud SQL's very poor performance. It might work fine for websites like Orane's, but for larger more complex websites the high latency and slow response time from Cloud SQL means for us 3 second load times instead of 0.7s that we have on our VPS. I have tested by connecting to both IP and Socket, SSL and without, and it's just not usable as-is. If you test with Amazon RDS, the difference in speed is shocking.The only other solution we've been able to come up with is to set up an API server that continously caches data to memcache and only serve static pages on App Engine with most dynamic content loading through AJAX. Scary!Keep trying, but you'd be better off looking into RackSpace Cloud DB or Amazon RDS.
What exactly are you doing? becouse is painful..!
Also, your query is completely vulnerable to SQL injection. If you don't know what that is, look it up.
should be \'s you can tell my preferred environment....
Just use the appropiate font and enclose your string with an asterix.
@GMasucci, I'm not saying that all singletons are evil, I'm saying that they are considered such and for a reason. I myself use them sometimes, but I often find that I would be better of without them. I'm not going to start a flame war about singletons he
The most correct/idiomatic solution (if you cannot avoid having a collection to begin with) is to use an : Putting the into a lambda isn't going to make anything any easier. In fact, it'll only create more work.Of course if you really hate using an you can avoid it, not that it'll really help you much: You could emulate the more functional style concept with a method that invokes an action if the object isn't , not that this is really any easier than a check when dealing with actions instead of functions:
Oh, bummer, I think i got i right now?
@Gary there is another point: when using the `rm` command, it is not it which performs glob expansion but the shell!
anyone got a clue on this?
